Hey,
hey, hey.
Bam. Bam.
Bail.
Hey,
hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey.
Hey. Hey.
All right, y'all. We are live on this
beautiful
this beautiful Thursday. Is it Thursday
morning? God bless everyone in the name
of Jesus Yeshua the Messiah. I pray you
and your family are super blessed as the
Bitcoin price right now is potentially
guys getting a bearish move. Let's check
out what's happening here. All right,
look at this. Look at this. Look at
this. Let's clear off the chart a little
bit here. We have come up. We have taken
some liquidity of this high here. You
could see over the evening we were
building up some liquidity. Let's remove
all these lines. You could see we're
building up some liquidity right here.
We had one high, we had another high, we
had a series of lower highs here. And
now we have gotten a wick to the upside.
And when we take a look at market cipher
B, indeed we are seeing something like
this forming. Indeed, we are seeing the
dreaded upside down uneven butt cheek
pattern on market site for B as New York
is opening right now. We are potentially
seeing a liquidity gra upside down
uneven butt cheeks which could give us a
big move to the downside. We go to the
12minut time frame. Oh my goodness,
would you look at this? We're seeing the
upside down uneven butt cheek pattern
forming here. Looking scary when we get
down to the 6minute. Golly gosh, put me
on a tractor and call me Aunt Sally
because not only are we seeing a
confirmed bearish divergence, but the
money flow even crossing from the blue
into the per
from the blue and to the perp about to
give the Bitcoin the herp. And you know
what that means? Potentially we go for
these lows here as we are forming this
uh ascending triangle pattern here.
Honestly, it would not surprise me if we
come down to this area. Now, I I don't
know if it's going to happen or not. Of
course, we're still in the long trade
from yesterday from the setup that we
gave in the moment in the Casper crew
step by step letting everybody know
exactly what I'm doing over here. And we
are still in the trade, baby. And we are
up right now, as you can see, about five
grand unrealized and realized in total.
Of course, we're still in the short
trade giving in the moment in the Casper
Crew VIP Discord from May 10th. And we
are up right now, as you can see, 14
grand. We're up 21 grand in total from
these two trades given in the Casper
Crew VIP Discord. Wow. Amazing. And it
only costs $2 a day at
jasonaspertrading.com. I can't believe
that.
But man, this is some serious stuff
because as you can see right here, this
yellow trend line is being lost. We're
getting the coveted upside down uneven
butt cheek pattern. New York is opening.
People got ultra bullish here. We're
breaking out. What is going to happen?
My goodness. We're going to be talking
about all that and more today. God bless
everybody.
In Jesus name, I do pray you and your
families are blessed as we are losing
value area high flirting with the PC
potentially getting a drop all the way
back down to the bottom. And we got to
give a major shout out to everybody in
the chat. First of all, major shout out
to
Christopher Kirkpatrick.
What was the MCDCO?
I don't even know what that is. But big
shout out to you, man. Shout out to
Bisha for life. Reward still hasn't
come. It'll come. Don't worry, my man.
Don't worry, bro. Don't worry, bro.
Look, have I ever let you down in the
past? I know you don't know me and
there's never been an opportunity for me
to let you down, but have I ever let you
down in the past? All right, relax, man.
Your boy Jay hasn't let you down the
past. What makes you think he's going to
let you down in the future? Big shout
out to Jonathan. He says, "Looks like
we're retesting a rising wedge." Big
shout out to my passive freedom. It's
just a 78 to 82k range. Shout out to
Mind Pump. I'm sorry, not Mind Pump.
Shout out to Mind Pump too though. But
shout out to Mind Pillar Markets. He
says, "Nice try liquidity. Man,
liquidity is getting oily and slippery
up in here as we're trying to slip down
through the PC.
Is it a naked P? I don't know.
But if we do, man, we can get a fast
drop to the downside. We will wait and
see about the naked P.
Let's take a quick look here at Shout
out to Zack 61. Held it in the green.
Held it in the red. Held it in the blue.
Held it in the per. Big shout out to
Remy Crypto. Casper will pump it now.
Big shout to Splashfire Films in the
house holding it down with the wrench.
Big shout out to Remy Crypto. The market
always goes against me. Cry, laugh, cry,
laugh, cry, laugh. Cry, laugh, cry,
laugh, cry, laugh. My passive freedom
says Bitcoin going to minus 1 million
Swiss Franks. Big shout out to not
quicker. Big shout out to Brandon R8
S3B.
Justin says, "Why are we dumping, fam?"
And someone else says, "Because you're
long." That's funny. Yeah. So, here's
the deal. We are dumping simply because,
guys, we got we got a a swing failure
pattern here of the high. We built a lot
of liquidity. As if you guys were here
for yesterday's live stream, we talked
about all we talked about liquidity. We
talked about why the market does what it
does, right? There were some people
complaining saying, "You know what? The
market's rigged. the market makers,
they're just always trying to get you.
They're trying to do crazy stuff.
But we talked about no, that's that's
really not the case, right? What really
is the case is the market is hunting for
liquidity because if I was a big player
and I wanted to sell a lot of Bitcoin, I
need some people willing to buy Bitcoin.
And guess what? Your short stop-loss is
a buy order on the book, right? If I
want to sell something, I need buyers. I
could sell something, but no one's here
to buy it. And in that case, doesn't
matter. I'm out of luck.
But here's the thing. If these people
get stopped out, well, now there's
people selling,
>> there's people buying. I mean, and so
here I am to sell and push it down. All
right. This is just typical market
shenanigans. All right. Now, of course,
we're coming down to a very key level
around 79 714. If this holds, guys, then
then that is that changes the name of
the game. But right now, we do have
bearish divergences here. We've got
ourselves bearish divergence on the
six-minute. Upside down uneven butt
cheek pattern on the 6-minute. We've got
ourselves potential upside down uneven
butt cheek pattern here on the 12minute.
Look at the look at the I mean this is
amazing. Would you look at the left and
then the right cheek? And if we take the
measurement tool from the cheek to
cheek. From cheek to cheek. We got about
7 hours and 12 minutes of butt crack.
From cheek to cheek. From cheek to
cheek. Yeah. You know what I'm saying?
From cheek to cheek.
We got to take a peek,
>> you know.
>> Hey yo, from cheek to cheek, you know.
We got to take a peek to see what the
Bitcoin price about to do on fleek. We
take the measuring tool for the butt
crack. 7 hours 12 minutes. Can you get
that? Oh my goodness. With such a wide
crack, what could happen? We better look
back in time to back test the strategy.
Don't you know the Bitcoin price about
to pump, about to blow? Now sit back and
listen to my crypto flow. Jay Casper in
the house and all the bears know that
the bears and the bulls in a fight all
night trying to get it right. Keeping it
tight. You know it's not right. We got a
glass of iced tea holding in our hand
just between you and me. Got the red
scooter, got the chalk, got the green
one, too. Now baby, sit back. I'mma tell
you what the price is going to do. You
can see we came to the VH. We wake above
once twoo like the letter H. Now we drop
back down to the naked PC looking like
oily just like diddy diddy. We got the
liquidy. Don't get your titties. I'm
talking about the sand bakeman freed
liquidies. We got the upside down uneven
cheeks. The Bitcoin price about to take
a peek. Kaboom. Here we go. We in the
room. It's not May. The next month is
June. So soon we'll take a look at the
order flow. What do we see down below?
We got the OI. We got the CBD, a big
increase. Now, baby, listen to me. We
got not a divergence, not looking
emergent, but we see a lot of buys and
the sellers. It looks urgent. Oh, yeah.
Seriously. Honestly, looks pretty
urgent. Um,
better not long or short. Now, if if I
if someone put a gun to my head and
said, "Jay, should I long or short?" I
would short. I'll be honest with you.
And I have not taken any fresh trades,
but if someone put a gun to my head, I
would say, "Let me short." All right.
The reason being is because of these
bearish divergences here.
All right. Now, I could be wrong. I have
not taken any trades just to be frank.
Just to be frank, I've not taken any
trades. But here's the thing. You can
see this consolidation here. Or if we
just take a zoom out,
we see the consolidation here, right? We
are coming to obvious resistance.
We've just got a liquidity grab of the
local range high. And so don't be
surprised if we come back down to the
range low. If we come to the range low,
maybe we do something like this. Come
back into the range and then maybe we
can break out to the upside. But I would
be cautious here. The only way I would
get long is if we do get a break up and
then get a back test of this, right? But
for right now, longing into resistance,
it works sometimes. Here's the thing. It
works sometimes, but more times if you
if you make a practice of doing it,
here's the thing. It works sometimes,
but if you make a practice of doing it,
you're probably going to get wrecked.
>> All right? You're probably going to get
wrecked. Better keep it in check, you
know. Um,
would you not add to your short here?
Uh, no. I would not add to my short
here, my friend. Here's why I would not
add to my short here. Because what if we
don't reject from here?
See, that's the thing. That's the thing
about the swing trades. Maybe I would
open, if I had been here in the moment
and I saw the CDW happen, I probably
would have opened up a freshy. Maybe
could have even hit a TP1 by now. But
here's the thing. If we do break out of
here, why would I want to ruin the
entry?
Why would I want to ruin the entry from
the trade setup we gave in the moment in
the Casper Crew VIP Discord? Like, I
don't want to do that, you know? I don't
want to do that. Keep in mind, I've got
a quart million dollars on a long trade.
I've got another 500,000 on a another
long trade. I got 3/4 of a million,
$750K
on these long trades. I only have a4
million on the short.
You know, it makes more sense for me to
hold that good entry right now for sure.
But let's see. We're so far we're making
a lower high. All right, let's see what
happens in this consolidation
eladion.
We got the 12minut. You know, the
12minut is looking like maybe she wants
to turn bullish right now. Maybe we get
a big pump for New York open. Man, can
you imagine if the long trade that we
gave in the moment in the Casper Crew
VIP Discord yesterday where I walked
everybody through step by step the
level, the plan, told everyone I'm not
long yet. We got to wait and then told
everyone when I went long and then we
took a profit one and locked in three
grand yesterday. Can you imagine if this
trade actually turns into something
massive? Can you imagine if we go
straight to a million dollars? If we go
straight to a million dollars for
Bitcoin during this stream. All right,
I'm not even kidding. If Bitcoin goes to
a million dollars, I will retire you
all. All right, I will retire you all.
I'm not even kidding. I I I have I have
$750,000 on Bitcoin longs. I will retire
you all. And when I say retire, I'll
give all 400 of you people I'll give you
each five grand.
I'm not even kidding,
man. Can you imagine if that happens?
Bitcoin goes to a million right now. If
Bitcoin goes to a million right now, I
will give all 400 of you five grand in
celebration.
In celebration.
Big shout out to Divine Hood. He says,
"Bro, that triangle makes a rising
channel. Watch for the channel highs for
rejection and dump. Kind of like a bare
flag." That's what I'm looking for, but
oh my goodness. Breaking news, guys.
Breaking news. I was totally wrong.
Looks like we're pumping up. We're about
to take the high once again. Looks like
the Bitcoin price is pumping. We're up
$3,000 on the long trade. Oh my
goodness. Can you imagine if we just
start to pump now? It was a fake out
dump and pump. We got the fake out. CDW
bearish divergences, upside down butt
cheeks turn into regular uh uneven butt
cheeks. What looked bearish now starts
to look bullish. It went from this to
this in two seconds.
Went from this to this in two seconds.
Oh my goodness. It's looking crazy.
Guys, we got to give a big shout out to
Blow Fin, KX, UBIT,
and Antarctic. If you guys want to trade
with the lowest fees, check out the
exchanges in the description of the
video. Also, we got to give a big shout
out to Kleinfunding where we have 15%
discounts on these funded accounts as
well as Bitfunded, a crypto prop firm.
Awesome stuff. Make sure to check it
out. And if you want to join the best
community in the world, you can go to
jason caspertrading.com. You can click
the link to join the VIP Discord.
Here we go. We're struggling at the
high. Let's see if this 12minute
confirms a red dot, guys. We are cooked.
We are straight up cooked.
Not the good kind of cooked either. I'm
talking about the bad kind. I'm talking
about the kind of cooked where you where
you meal prep your dang beef patties on
a Sunday. You put them in the oven and
then you go do a three-hour live stream
and forget they were in the oven. You
come back in. You got these burnt hockey
pucks. You got the burnt hockey pucks.
That's the kind of cook I'm talking
about. We got a 12minute bearish div. We
got the burnt hockey pucks coming on in.
All right.
We got to give a major shout out to
everybody in the chat. Do I think 60K
was the low? Well, you know what? Let me
say two things. Uh, let me try this. Do
I think 60K was low? Yes, 100%.
Do I think 60K was low? No. 100% not.
See what I did there? Whichever one
happens now, I can clip it and make a
video about how I was right and everyone
else was wrong.
Big shout out to Chris Whmer.
>> Dolores uneven butt cheeks look
different from the southern hemisphere
though. That's true. From the southern
hemisphere, Dolores's butt cheeks are
upside down. It all depends on where
you're looking at it from. All right. If
you're down under, if you're on the
upside down the upside down ball
underneath the the right side up ball.
Yeah, you got to you got to adjust your
cheeks. All right. You got to adjust
your cheeks. Big shout out to Jordan
Shirt Left. Come on, Bitcoin. My family
needs food. Shout out to Dahabriio
Million-Dollar Bitcoin. I'm pre-ordering
a new Ford Focus just in case. Shout out
to real to true. God bless you. Jay, can
you check out useless?
Useless.
We got a local GP at 80,0003.
Yeah, 80,0003 is going to be
uh I'm sorry, 813 is actually going to
be a very key level for me. But yeah,
let's pull the fib and then we could
take a look at a useless coin. But real
quick, let's pull the fib here. Yeah,
look at that. We got the local Fibonacci
golden pocket here. Is it Fibonacci or
Fibonacci?
>> Is it mozzarella or or mozzarella?
Mozzarella or mozzarella? All right. Is
it hilarious or hilarious?
Is it Fibonacci or Fibonacci? A
Fibonacci. It's me, Fibonacci. Let's
take a look at the useless. It's a
useless coin to take a look at, but
we'll do it anyway.
Useless.
Let's take a look. Yeah, we'll take a
look at useless.
Let's see. Wow. I had never heard of
this useless coin, but let's put it on
log scale here. Let's take a look at we
got what's what's flopping? What's
flopping here? Boop doop. Well, we got
this support resistance flippity flute
flop. And of course, we're breaking out.
Let's go ahead and pull the volume here.
Come on. Come on. Yeah, there we go.
Fixed range volume profile. Pull the fib
low to high. Okay. So, I would say for
me like great support and again, this is
a useless coin. So, don't be trading it.
Honestly, again, this is not financial
advice. This is literally a useless
coin. But major support right now would
be something like this. If we happen to
get the back test of Look at this stop
loss. That's crazy. If we happen to get
a back test of this, right, let's go
ahead and then uh this right here would
be an excellent place
to shoot for a beautiful risk-to-reward
ratio back up to this support resistance
flip that we have right here. You see
that? Beautiful. It's like a 9:1
risk-to-reward ratio. Of course, you
need an 18% stop. We're going for a 164%
move. Risk management accordingly.
Uh but yeah, it does look nice in the
sense that we have a nice low. What I
don't like is we didn't take the bottom,
but we did make a double bottom. So,
it's acceptable. It's acceptable. It's
acceptable. Let's check out the weekly
time frame here. Nothing. Not enough
data. Not enough data. Is it data? Data.
Hilarious. Hilarious. The 4hour ticking
down. What would be really amazing right
now, honestly, guys, would be a move
down to here. get a nice oversold on the
4 hour hidden bullish divergence here.
As the money flow gets thicker and then
once the money flow gets thicker, the
price moves even quicker. Let's check
out Oh my goodness. We're still
consolidating the most exciting,
sensational New York open I've ever seen
in my life. The Bitcoin price is going
up and then down and then up and then
down and then up and then down and it's
giving me whiplash here. I'm feeling a
cick in my neck. It's going crazy. The
sun is shining bright. It's shining on
my blow fin gold chain. The blow fin
gold chain, baby. Pure gold. Pure gold.
Yes, I stream from my mom's garage. Yes,
she let me come back and live in her
garage again after I got liquidated
again. Yes, my mom loves me. She's a
pushover. She'll let me live in her
garage forever. But at least when I got
in public, everyone thinks I'm a super
rich blow fin whale cuz I got the pure
gold gold chain. Yeah, I had to sell my
shirt in order to get into another high
leverage long, but at least I've got the
blowfin chain and the ZoomX hat, baby.
>> The ZoomX hat, baby. Big shout to Zumx.
Um,
big shout out to Zumx. Here we go.
Bitcoin about to pump, baby.
Big shout out to HFG.
Shout out to Joe P Joe Potter. God bless
you, man. It's good to see you here,
man. It's been a minute. Big shout out
to Joe Potter in the house. God bless
you, my bro. Shout out to Chris Swimmer
who says, "Support this man with a
thumbs up, guys. Nobody deserves it
more." That's not true. I'm sure a lot
of people deserve it more, but thank you
so much, Chris. I appreciate you. We got
600 people in the house, baby. And we
are watching to see is Bitcoin going to
get this liquidity grab here. And this
could be very bearish right now. We're
looking at this could be very bearish.
All right, we're going to go to our
12minut time frame here. Let's go to
Coinbase where we were looking at this
again, guys. Look at this. All right, we
are getting a liquidity grab here. We've
got bearish divergences potentially
printing on the 12minut time frame. If
we get the red dot on the 12minute, as I
said, we are absolutely cooked.
And cooked not in the good way. Cooked
like I I said, you put beef patties in
the oven for 3 hours cuz you forgot
about them and they turn into hockey
pucks. What was really nutrient-dense,
farmraised, grass-fed, grass-finished,
local ground beef with organ meat ground
in to make it ultra nutrient-dense is
now completely void of all nutrients,
hard as a hockey puck, inedible, and you
just wasted so much money because
instead of keeping an eye on the food in
the oven for your week of meal prep, you
were live streaming on YouTube,
screaming into a plunger. It happens to
us all. It happens to us all. I'm right
there with you guys. It happens to us
all. Big shout out to Juan Estrada.
Is it real gold? Of course it gold. Do
you think Jason Casper would ever wear
fake gold? Do you think he would ever
wear fake gold?
Come on. Come on. It's Jason Casper.
You know
it's Jason Casper.
All right. Shout out to Chris Chris
Swimmer who's a slong today. Am I going
to stream during the Clarak voting? I'm
not, sadly. I don't even know when the
heck that is, honestly.
I don't know.
I don't know. Yeah, Juan hates it when
that happens. You're screaming into a
dang plunger and you burn the beef. You
burn the beef. Screaming into a plunger.
All right. You know what? I It looks
like we are going to get the move down
now. That was a tricky testy
testy move here. That was testy as all
get out. Look at this.
Let's go to the 30 minute chart.
Okay, so we had our our Yeah, you know,
look at that. Yeah, I'd say honestly now
that we're we've closed a half hour
candle below
and we're about to close a 1 hour candle
below. I think we could come down. I
think we could come down. I think this
is legit. I think these uneven upside
down unevens are about to play out.
>> All right. I think these upside down
unevens are about to play out here.
You know, look at even even on the 30
minute on the 24-m minute the upside
down unevens.
>> Come on, Market Cipher B. Come on,
Market Cipher B. You going to load for
me? Come on, Market Cipher B. You going
to load for me? Come on, Market Cipher
B. You going to load for me? Come on.
We got to reload the dang. Oh, there he
goes. Yeah, look at the 24-minute. Oh my
goodness.
I mean,
>> man, would you I mean, look, even the
money flow coming down here. The uh the
left, the right, upside down all day and
all night. Left and right, upside down
all day and all night. Man, the sun
feels so good. The sun feels so good,
man. If your trading office isn't
outside in front of your mom's garage, I
don't know what you're doing with your
life. I don't know what you're doing
with your life.
Look at that. Beautiful.
Beautiful upside down. I mean, dreaded.
The dreaded upside down unevens.
We got the upside down unevens. About to
get a muscular imbalance here.
Oh, 10:30, huh? Is when the voting
begins. Yeah, I guess we'll still be
live by then.
Oh my goodness, we're getting a big
juicy blue candle. Forget everything I
said. Oh man, it's looking bullish as
all. Get out right now. My goodness.
Let's check out the order flow.
All right, so here's what's happened.
Honestly guys, we just had 10 million
longs open up here and that's why we're
getting this move to the upside. Look at
the big increase of open interest as we
get the 10 million longs popping on in.
Um,
we don't really have any kind of CVD
divergences here.
But interestingly enough, we did just
take the pre-New York open low. All
right, so let's zoom in. We took the
pre-New York open low. Let's go to our
five-minute chart here.
So maybe this is actually a it looks
like the market right now is trading
this the buyers are stepping in because
we took the this liquidity here.
You know the buyers are stepping in
because we took this pre-new york open
liquidity. Let's go to the one minute.
Oo a little bit of bullish div, a little
bit of upside down regulars.
Not I mean uh not upside down unevens. A
little bit of right side up unevens on
the one minute. It's a battle. It's a
battle right now between the one minute
upside down regulars
versus the 12minut
upside down unevens.
All right, the one minute right side up
regulars versus the 12minute upside down
unevens.
All right, let's see what happens here.
We got this mini range going. It's a
It's a fight. It's a battle between the
Bears and the Bulls.
The Clarity Act will nuke us
probably. Here's what I Here's here's
honestly what I think. Here's honestly
what I think the Clarity Act will do.
Um,
yeah. 10 million guys with one USD just
entered. Absolutely. Yeah. 10 million
people with they're putting $1 on the
line here. Here's what I think will
probably happen. Clarity act. All right.
It's looking pretty clear to me.
All right. It's looking pretty dang
clear to me. So, we go to the 4 hour.
Actually, let's go to the daily. You
know what happened last bare market as
we were coming up to here I I'll let's
let's paint a picture of historical uh
data here. All right, let's go back in
time. I want to take you back to the day
January 2024. This day right here. All
right, let's remember what happened
here. A very significant news event.
Ultra bullish Bitcoin ETFs launched,
baby. The day of the Bitcoin ETF. Do you
guys remember it?
I remember it like it was yesterday, two
and a half years ago already. Sheesh. We
come up here. I remember I was on the
treadmill just like I was now. And we
get the ETF launched. Guess what? Big
old pumparoon. You go back on the one
minute time frame. We had blue candles
coming out the wazoo. All right, the
wazoo had blue candles popping on out
left and right. But then guess what
happened? Guess what happened? I'll tell
you exactly what happened.
We smack dabbed right into none other
than the Fibonacci 618 from the bull
market top to the bare market bottom.
Look at that. I'll never forget it
because we shorted it. We shorted it in
the Casper Crew VIP Discord.
And what do you know? What started out
as a bullish fundamental, the thing that
was supposed to pump Bitcoin to 100K,
bam, 21% move to the downside.
All right. Now, guess what? If we go
ahead and we take a look what's
happening now and we pull that same
Fibonacci golden pocket from the high to
the low. Sorry, not that high. This high
to the low. You can see that we are
coming up to that same girl, the 618
Fibonacci aka 61ita.
61ita. That girl, you've tried to ask
her out many times and each time she
rejects you. Why? Because you're in the
friend zone. You're too nice. Right?
Girls don't like guys. Girls like cars
and money. And you don't have enough
cars and money. You don't have a
blowoffin gold chain like Jason Casper.
So when you try to ask her out, guess
what? She rejects you. She says, "I like
you, but I don't like you like that."
So we get bullish news. The blue candles
come out the wazoo. The wazoo is closed.
All of a sudden, the wazoo opens up like
this.
Now the wazoo is wide open. Blue candles
coming out. Pouyoui.
Poui. Poui. Out the wazoo. Pouille,
pati. We pump up. We gain our
confidence. You know what? I think I'm
going to ask out Sixuanita because of
the clarity act. It's all clear to me
now. She's ready to say yes to Jason
Casper. 61ita, will you go out with me?
Boom. The wazoo closes back up.
The wazu opens back. Purple candles.
Poui. Poui. Pouille. Maybe we get a 21%
drop. Maybe we get more. Let's see what
happens. Come down 21%. That's going to
take us right down. Back down to the low
of the range, baby. It's going to take
us right back down to the low of the
range. All this liquidity here. Sniped.
Sniped back. The market makers coming in
out the wazoo. Pouille.
All right. Zack 61ita loves that girl. I
know. I know. I know.
When is the clarity act? Apparently.
Apparently, the clarity act is uh
happening, starting to happen at 10:30.
Do my neighbors stare at me? I don't
have neighbors. Makes loud noise. That's
what's so funny about all of this. I
don't have neighbors right now. And you
guys know if you follow the stream, I am
literally looking out at beautiful
endless endless beautiful mountain
ranges right now. All right. I I don't
see anybody. I don't see a house. I
don't see anything. I just see beautiful
beautiful nature. I see chickens. I see
trees. I see fields. I see beautiful
fences that are fencing in a a fruit
orchard. I see chickens. I see a barn. I
see solar panels cuz this is 100%
off-rid. Baby
ain't got no neighbors.
I'll tell you one thing I hate the most
about leaving the beautiful country is
number one, I can't pee in the front
yard. And number two, I have to wear a
shirt and not be on a treadmill. All
right.
Yeah, always naked. Look, the sun is
good for you guys. All right, what would
the liver king do? He would suntan his
gu all day and all night and follow nine
ancestral tenants for health. All right,
that's what the liver king would do.
Where's the stop loss? There is no
stop-loss.
What do you think this is?
Oh man, here we go, baby. We are getting
the droperoni, the dumperoni. It's the
upside down unevens playing out here. Oh
man. Oh man, look at this. Look. Oh my
goodness. We are getting the upside
downs. Upside down unevens, baby. I
think we're going for the liquidity.
I think we're going for the liquidity. I
think we're coming back down here. Let's
see what happens.
>> I think we're coming down for it.
All right. Let's Let's see. Let's see.
We're coming to the VWAP,
guys. We're coming to VWOP. Let's see
what happens at VWOP. We lose VWAP. Like
I said, we're cooked. This 12minute red
dot confirms we're cooked, baby. The
upside down hamburger patty's coming out
the wazoo. Pouille, pati, patoule.
Let's see. This is the wazoo right here.
Let's see if we get through the wazoo.
Can we get through?
Can we get through the wazoo?
Are we short? Well, I didn't take a
short, honestly. But what I did do this
morning in the Casper Crew VIP Discord
is I told the community, "Hey guys, I
don't have any trades, but this is a
bearish looking CDW of the high. Would
not be surprised if we take yesterday's
low." All right. I didn't take a trade
this morning because I just came to the
chart,
but I told the whole community this at
9:36. I haven't taken any trades, but
this is a bearish looking CDW, the high,
right? So, back when we were here,
back when we were up here, I told the
community, this is a bearish looking CDW
of the highs.
All right, but I haven't traded it
because I just came to the chart. But I
told everyone, look, I'm either looking
for a long from lower or I'm just going
to hold the short that I gave on the
10th that's currently up uh 15 grand,
you know, 15 grand. So, I'm I didn't
open up a fresher here. If I had been at
the chart, maybe I would have, but I
literally I didn't look at the chart
until I started the stream today. It was
leg day this morning, guys. So, I was
doing extremely heavy
Smith machine Bulgarian split squats.
extremely heavy Smith machine Bulgarian
split squats like reps of six where you
could literally can't move the weight
anymore. Then I was doing belt squats on
the Squat Max MD and let me tell you the
quads are fried. Then I did some I did
some Nordic curls,
some Nordic curls, great exercise for
the hamstrings. I did some hip thrusting
and some calf raises. And so I wasn't
looking at the charts. I couldn't. I
couldn't. You can't look at the charts
on leg day. Otherwise, you'll lose that
momentum. You know, you'll get some
upside down unevens on on the gym
session. You'll have to not use as much
strength and energy and focus as you
need, if you know what I'm saying.
My toenail is cute.
Thank you. I think your toenail is very
cute as well.
I love cute toenails.
Am I going to find the live stream on
clarity clear manipulation act?
>> Is there a live stream of the clarity?
Is there a live stream today of that? Is
that a thing? If there is, let me know.
I don't even know how to find that.
How heavy. 225 lbs on the Smith machine.
I don't know what that would equate to
on a barber. I have no idea.
What's the fastest car I have?
Probably my my my Ram 1500 2018.
I mean, that thing is pretty fast.
What?
Oh, the Lambo. Yeah, I forgot about the
Lambo. Definitely the Lambo is the
fastest car I have.
Yeah.
>> On C-SPAN. Okay.
Assass. I don't know. Knee to floor. I I
think in a Bulgarian split squat, you
can only go down as low as your knee
will go, otherwise your knee hits the
floor.
Um,
all right. Yeah, we'll have to figure
that out then. If there's a live stream
of the Clarity Act, did you know there's
a Clarity Act today? Clarity Act. Yeah,
it's some act that that Trump or
something is doing to make crypto more
clear. Give it some more clarity. You
know, it's bullish.
They say bullish.
What?
Can't track it. What? The Clarity.
Oh, the Bitcoin. Yeah. I mean, I I'm
curious. I We're We're heading right up
to the to the next golden pocket. I
don't know if you could spot it.
Uh-oh. There's a spiderweb coming on
through here. What the heck? Might be a
silkworm.
Might be a silkworm coming on in.
Chocolate NW. Shout out to ChocolateNW.
Shout out to Chocolate Salty Balls.
All right, it's on C-SPAN.
We're waiting for some clarity.
Millions of subscribers, Lambos,
billions of dollars. This guy is living
the life. You forgot the most important
thing. The blowfin pure gold chain. All
right. I mean, this is, you know, you
know, I'm not a materialistic guy, but
the reason why I spent $2 billion on
this pure gold chain is just because,
you know, for me, it's a personal
victory. When I was a kid, I remember
thinking to myself, you know, I'll never
have a blowoff fan pure gold chain.
My wife's losing it. I'm glad my wife
thinks I'm funny. Otherwise, if if we
had terrible marriage.
Wow. Look at this, man. I'm telling you,
today we This is This is the most
bipolar New York Open I think I've ever
seen in my life. You know, I think this
is the most bipolar New York open I've
ever seen in my life.
You can't find it on C-SPAN.
All right. Uh, Indiana Martini says,
Indian Martini says, "The only passing
in the Senate, if it happens, won't be
sign Oh, okay. Won't be signed into
law." Well, that could still give us
some volatility here. Um,
let's see. Look at this pump. I can't
believe this. It looks like that local
CDW is playing out. I I'll be honest
with you guys, I was really expecting a
move down this morning. I really was.
And we did get I mean to be fair to be
fair, we did get
a half% move, which honestly for a scalp
trade is is a good move. You could make
some good money on a half percent move.
You could make some good money on that.
I'm not even kidding.
But let's see what happens
if we break out of this. But on let's
check out Marcus Cipher B again because
that 12 minute is is getting me see that
12minute is is hesitant to print the
cheeks. Oh my goodness. We confirmed the
red dot. Like I said, I thought we'd be
cooked but immediately we're printing a
green dot. We're playing a game of red
dot, green dot,
red dot, green dot.
Shout out to CD Hughes.
Don't forget to hydrate the bushes
nearby.
Unfortunately, guys, I don't think I
have anything to hydrate the bushes with
since I'm out here sweating in the sun.
And like I said, heavy leg day in a
hoodie. In a blow fin hoodie. In a blow
fin hoodie. I'm not even kidding. Uh,
does my mom like my wife living with me
in the garage? Like I said, my mom's a
huge pushover. She tried to show me
tough love by kicking me out multiple
times. Told me to get a job. told me to
do something with my life, but I keep
telling her, "No, mom, I'm gonna be a
trader." You know, she says, "Jason, be
careful with that leverage.
>> That's that's innovative, you know, and
every time I get liquidated, she lets me
move back in with her." And yeah, so she
she feels bad for the wife and for the
kids, for the grandkids,
so they all come in. You know, it's a
messy garage, but
it's a lot of room in there. Yeah, it's
messy. Uh, it's invested with rats and
spiders. But hey, look. Oh my goodness.
We're breaking out.
All right, I guess this is legit, man. I
I the the market would have definitely
chopped up your boy this morning if I
had taken a trade cuz I don't think I
would have taken profit one here. I
probably would have held down for lower.
Did we even hit the VWOP, guys? We front
ran the VWOP. Is this real?
We're making a triple top. This is wild.
I I something is shady about this action
here, guys. Look at this. There's no way
we're going to dump. In fact, if we we
make another high here. Did we take that
high? No, we didn't take the highs. Look
at this, man. This next high is going to
dump us for sure. What the heck?
What the actual
Yeah. What the actual factual What the
actual factual? This This is some weird
stuff going on. We We got money flow
coming down. We're forming a one, two, a
triple top.
Anticipation just before the news, guys.
Relax. Relax.
You just tpd at the 618 says prime vids.
>> Buy the rumor. Sell the news.
This is weird price action, guys. All
right, we need to watch this very
carefully. Very closely. We need to
watch carefully and closely here. Let's
get out our magnet tool, put it on the
chart. Look at this. Antarctic took the
highs. But who cares about Antarctic?
It's five bit chart that we care about
here. But let's see. This is going to
start at 10:30.
Is it going to be live streamed?
>> Max Long just called his senator and
told him, "I'm in a big short position
and don't let me down." That's what's
up. What news do we have now? We have
the Clarity Act. All right. The Clarity
Act. Apparently, it begins at 10:30.
Thursday is the day. Thank you, Wrada.
Okay. Oh my goodness. Look at this crazy
pump.
All right. There's no way this is really
going to pump here. There's no way.
There's no way. There's no way.
There's no way. Is this really going to
pump?
Look at the money flow coming out in the
one minute. Is this really going to
pump?
>> This is crazy, guys. This is insane.
Look at this pump, baby. Oh my goodness.
Look at the pump. I honestly can't
believe it.
I honestly can't believe it. Let's see
what happens as the day progresses here.
All right, we're up 3,300 US Donald
Trump's on the long trade given in the
moment yesterday. Obviously, this
picture means that I'm going long here.
Oh my goodness. Let's see.
My goodness. Look at this, guys. Look at
this. This is crazy.
This is nuts. This is nuts.
Wow. I I'm I'm honestly really surprised
that we are seeing such bearish money
flow and bearish divergences and getting
a move to the upside. This is
this is wild. We front ran the VWOP.
People, I guess, are really buying the
rumor here. People are bullish on the
Clarity Act, man. Get ready for the big
drop later then.
Get ready for the big drop later.
Here we go, baby.
It's wiping out all the shorts.
82.5 incoming. Let's see. Coinbase took
the high, too.
Let the liquidity begin.
Today is just a markup vote. Man,
there's so many mixed signals here. It's
like that time I tried to ask out 61ita.
So many mixed signals. All
right, let's see. We're coming up to the
weekly VWAP next.
My goodness.
Sheesh. Well, there's only one thing to
do when the price is pumping.
Let's put some money on the dang trade.
How much money should we put on the
trade? If we come back to back test this
high, I'm going to put an extra $200,000
on the trade.
All right, I've got it ready to go.
Let's see. Why not? What do I have to
lose, guys? What do I have to lose
besides my blowfin gold chain?
We come to back test. I'm going to put
200k on the trade. Let's do it. All
right.
It's only a vote to get out of the
committee, not a Senate vote. It's a
nothing burger. Well, we still got the
volatility.
All right. All right. Dump now. Let's
go.
That is nuts, man. If we dump now, let's
take a look at where VWAP is. If we do
dump now, we could get some really nice
bullish divergences into the VWOP.
You know, this is wild, man. This is
wild. Yeah, look at that. If we dump
from here, we'll have the Golden Pocket
786 VWOP area. Maybe I'll add a4 million
onto the trade, you know. Let's see
here. Let's see here. I would love to
add I'm looking to add if we can get a
move back down a little bit.
$1 million Bitcoin here we come, baby.
Pump and dump. It's a little bit too
late for the pump and dump to be honest.
>> All right. It's a little too late for
the pump and dump to be honest.
All right, screw it, man.
>> All right, I've got $450,000 on the
position here.
$450,000 on the position.
Let's see if we can't get up to 80,290.
Let's see if we can't get a little bit
higher to that golden pocket. Hit a take
profit on the golden pocket.
Let's see.
Man, the one minute does not look
bullish. I'll be honest with you guys.
We just opened up a new six-minute
candle. Oh no. Oh no. We longed the top
again. What am I going to tell my mom?
>> What am I going to tell my mom?
What am I going to tell my mom?
>> Can I explain what news? I can't explain
what news. There's a clarity act. I
don't really know the full details about
it. I don't know. Oh, I don't know
anything about crypto. I literally don't
know anything about crypto. All right,
I'm not even going to pretend like I do.
I'm not going to pretend like I pay
attention to this nonsense. I'm here to
trade the dang chart. That's all I know.
Apparently, there's some bill being
passed about whether or not. Honestly,
don't even know. I I don't know. And I
don't care. It doesn't matter. It's some
news about crypto and legislation and
whatever,
some nonsense or whatever. It's not
going to change anything. It might give
us some volatility. It might give us a
good trade setup. And right now, maybe
there's some hype which is giving us
this unnatural pump. All right, this
pump is unnatural. You could tell
Bitcoin's on some kind of pump
enhancement, right? Maybe some no
explode mixed with some salt and some
red beet juice and maybe some some dang
simple carbohydrates like some honey or
you know what I'm saying? And some
clenbuterol or something.
All right. Discussion on if yields on
USDC can be legal. Okay, there you go.
Yeah, people in the chat, let let them
know.
Let them know what's going on in here.
Oh man, Jason Casper literally longed
the top. What a freaking idiot.
This pump is caused by the clarity.
Maybe we dump after. Yeah, that's what I
was thinking. Now, I was thinking we get
a pump the rumor, sell the news day. All
right, we got New York open the fake out
to the low. Now we're coming up to the
high. Let's Let's see.
I don't want to lose the green line. The
green line is an important back test for
me. The green line is an important back
test for me here.
Let's check out the O of
Wow.
Big uh big decrease in and uh longs and
shorts here, but in general, open
interest is is staying open here.
Interesting. We got a lot of positions
opening here.
We got some shorts opening up a few.
Let's see. We got to hold the green
line. If we hold the green line, I'm
holding the trade. We lose the green
line. Ah, it was worth a shot. It was
worth a shot. All right.
The act will let banks buy, hold, and
trade altcoins. Is that true?
Is that true?
The post pump clarity act. Oh man.
Yeah, that's that's a good word for it.
Want says big pump incoming. Your mom
will be proud. Mom, this one's for you.
What's up with the shovel?
Oh, you lost a Frisbee.
Um, I don't know if I can. There should
be other Frisbes around, though.
Get the green one. It'll come down
eventually.
Kids threw a Frisbee into the pea
bushes.
Oh, wait. Can you actually Is that it?
Casper says, "I hate it, but XRP will
change the world.
Is that the Frisbee up there? All right.
All right. All right, guys. Give me a
second. I got to go save a Frisbee. I
got to go save a Frisbee.
Yeah, we'll go save the Frisbee. We'll
be right back. Guys, if this thing
dumps, please don't don't let me take a
loss here.
Oh, the mic is stuck on the blowfin
chain. Give me one second. We'll be
right back, guys.
We'll be right back.
All right, the Frisbee is saved, guys.
It's saved. Let's see. Get back on our
camera here.
this weird AI camera that follows my
face everywhere, you know, right down to
the blow fin chain.
Here we go, baby. We're starting to
pump.
We're starting to pump, baby. Let's see
if we can hit that takerit. Can you even
spot it? We're about to get a pump up to
the next golden pocket. XRP will be the
end times digital mainstrap. I don't
believe that. Honestly, I don't believe
that. I don't believe that. I don't
think it's going to be XRP. I know a lot
of people want it to be XRP. I know a
lot of people are bullish on XRP because
they think it's going to be like the end
times thing, you know? I know people who
believe that. I don't believe that.
It's not going to be XRP.
>> You know what the gamatra for XRP is?
600 three score and six.
Did you know that?
XRP
XRP.
I'm not even kidding.
Hey,
hey, hey.
Here
we go.
We're trying to get the pump here, guys.
Is the vote live? Apparently, it's live.
All right. Is there Okay, let's see if
we can't get that. I'm trying to find
this thing.
We got Miss Team Crypto Live.
Here we go.
>> Home means giving American builders,
entrepreneurs, and businesses the
clarity and certainty to do what they do
best. Until today, outdated rules,
unpredictable enforcement, and outright
hostility
have forced far too many American
companies overseas.
that cost us jobs, investment, and
leadership. This bill says that the
future of finance should be built in
America
under American laws and with American
values.
Safeguarding our national security means
closing the doors that criminals,
terrorists, and hostile regimes have
tried to exploit. This bill strengthens
anti-moneyaundering and sanctions rules
and gives law enforcement better tools
to go after bad actors.
>> These tools make it harder to hide and
easier to enforce the law. None of this
happened overnight.
It happened because members on both
sides of the aisle chose to sit down,
listen, and work. We've had months of
goodfaith negotiations. Republicans did
not get everything we wanted, but we
made real progress with our Democrat
colleagues. And this bill and ultimately
and more importantly, the American
people will be better off because of it.
This legislation does not take sides
between traditional finance and new
technology or Republicans and Democrats.
It takes the side of everyday Americans.
It brings digital assets out of the
shadows and into a system that is safer,
fairer, and more transparent. This is
what good governance looks like. Today,
we take a step forward together to
protect investors, grow our economy, and
keep America leading the world. I'm
proud of this committee for doing the
work and I look forward to moving this
bill forward.
I now recognize ranking member Warren
for opening comments.
>> Uh thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.
Right now, American families all across
this country are struggling. The cost of
groceries is up. The cost of utilities
is up. The cost of health care is up. We
could be working right now on changes in
the law that would help bring down
prices and help unrig our economy. You
know, we could be working on capping
credit card interest rates every day
that we fail to deliver. Families are
charged an extra $368
million in interest. We could be
preventing big banks from saddling
customers with overdraft fees. Every
year that we fail to deliver, families
could be paying up to $5 billion dollar
a year that they otherwise would be able
to keep. We could be stopping rampant
fraud and theft on payment platforms.
Our failure to deliver here means that
Americans are paying hundreds of
billions of dollars after getting
tricked and trapped. But instead of
that, we're spending our time working on
a bill written by the crypto industry
for the crypto industry. Nothing made it
into this bill that wasn't approved by
the crypto industry. And why why are we
working on this? According to a survey
by crypto news outlet Coindesk, quote,
"Crypto is at the bottom of US voters
priority heading into elections. Just 1%
of respondents rank crypto as their top
concern. Look, our job is to serve the
American people. Our job is not to
advance a pro-industry crypto bill that
will put American consumers, American
investors, and our national security and
our financial system at risk. Our job is
not to advance a pro-industry crypto
bill that will grease the skids for the
president of the United States crypto
grift while tens of millions of
Americans can't afford the base.
>> He wants to grease the skids. Guys,
>> have underscored the importance of
getting this bill right. And despite
multiple calls for a public hearing on
this bill, calls from Senator Reid,
Senator Kennedy, Senator Van Holland,
Senator Smith, we have never had a
single hearing on this bill. And today,
Mr. Chairman, you are shutting down
members of this committee who have
amendments to strengthen this bill. You
ruled out more than a dozen amendments
because of quote procedural
requirements. And take a look at what
got ruled out. This includes a fix
requested by the National Sheriff's
Association to close a massive loophole
in the current bill that would make it
harder for law enforcement officials to
go after cartels and criminals. You
>> guys, I'm sorry. My trade alerts go
through the same system as this video.
So, I'm so sorry for your ears, guys.
Um, sorry.
>> Fix from community banks to stop a
significant flight of deposits out of
the banking system that will hurt small
businesses and communities across the
country. An amendment to help community
banks. We won't even get a hearing
today, much less a vote. Now, Mr.
Chairman, you could simply reverse your
ruling right now and I would welcome a
full debate on every single Democratic
and Republican amendment that has been
filed to fix the very real flaws in this
bill. Look, this bill is just not ready
for prime time. First, the draft in
front of us would blow a hole in our
securities laws that have protected
investors since 1929.
Most Americans don't want their pensions
at risk so that a few crypto
billionaires can juice their own
profits. Second, this bill declares open
season on defrauding American consumers
who use crypto. The bill wipes out a
huge number of state level protections
against fraud. Third, the bill puts our
financial system at risk by repeating
the mistakes of 2008, letting the banks
load up on risky debts, letting them
scrape off the profits, and then when it
all comes crashing down, come back to
the American taxpayer for a bailout.
Fourth, the bill puts our national
security at greater risk. Just three
days ago, three days ago, the Treasury
Department issued an alert warning that
Iran is exploiting crypto businesses to
move their money around. multiple public
analyses documents that cryp that drug
cartels are shifting their money
laundering to crypto and quote the cops
can't keep up. And finally, the bill
doesn't lift even the tiniest finger to
address the Trump administration's
cryptoreated corruption. Since taking
office last year, President Trump and
his family have amassed a staggering
$1.4
billion dollar in gains from crypto
deals alone. No president and no one in
Congress should be allowed to profit
from crypto at the same time that they
are enforcing rules to regulate it. This
kind of corruption undermines our
democracy and it undermines the
legitimacy of the crypto industry. It
will keep right on growing if Congress
fails to rein it in.
Now, a year ago, some of you may
remember, Republicans sat in this very
room and made one promise after another
as they pass the Genius Act. What did
they promise? They promised we'll close
the national security loopholes. They
promised we'll address glaring ethics
problems. They promised we'll fix the
yield issue. Republicans told us not to
worry about the gaps in the first crypto
bill because the second bill, the bill
we have today, would fix every one of
those problems. Well, today we are
voting on the second bill and every one
of those problems still exists today.
And this time the same Republicans are
shutting down amendments that would make
the fixes they promised a year ago. This
markup is our chance to fix these
problems. And until we fix these
problems, none of us, Republican or
Democrat, should advance this bill out
of committee or onto the Senate floor.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
>> Yes, ma'am. I do want to make a couple
of comments about the uh process that
we've undertaken over the last several
months and particularly as it relates to
some of the amendments that were taken
out because they were not in order.
After the amendment process had a walkth
through, ranking member Warren staff
objected to a Republican amendment on a
technical drafting issue, arguing it it
should be thrown out because it
referenced the wrong substitute
amendment number. Once they insisted on
that standard, committee staff reviewed
in the full amendment roster to ensure
consistency. staff confirmed with the
with the committee clerk in consultation
with the parliamentarian and floor staff
that there were amendments that were
filed incorrectly.
What I decided to do was to as opposed
to throwing all those amendments out,
throw out only the ones that were the
most egregious. So the process that
we've actually gone through was to make
sure that both sides had an opportunity.
But this whole discrepancy started when
staffers decided to target a Republican
amendment. And frankly, as my colleagues
on my right recognized,
I threw out amendments on our side as
well and had to talk to our folks about
that. At this time, I'll recognize
>> Mr. Chairman. Sure.
>> Might I might I reply on that? I
appreciate the work we do together,
>> but I want to correct the record on one
important issue. It is your call and
your call alone to rule these amendments
out of order. When we talked last night,
I made clear I'm happy to have all of
the amendments in. All of the Democratic
amendments in, all of the Republican
amendments in. You and you alone have
decided which amendments are in and
which amendments are out. And that
creates a problem because there are some
very important amendments that address
some very important issues that I think
we should hear from. So I will reiterate
my lack of objection today. Let them all
be heard. Let us vote on all of them.
>> Thank you. That doesn't change the fact
on how we got to where we are. However,
it was brought by my staff. It was
brought by your staff. Number one.
Number two. Let me just say this very
clearly because I'm not going to go back
and forth on this issue.
Democrats
have frankly worked hard on this bill.
Our bill first came out in June of last
year.
Since June of last year, we've added
33,000
words,
>> 33, guys. 33
>> effort to make this legislation as
bipartisan as humanly possible. I can't
imagine how much time Senator also
Brooks
>> I mean come on 33,000
come on come on
>> during very difficult and challenging
times her focus remained on getting
things done and Till has worked with her
on on parts of the very legislation that
we're talking about where the
negotiation allowed us to get to where
we are. GGO has spent ton of time
talking with members on this side,
Bernie Mareno and others, trying to find
a path forward. So the truth of the
matter is, as frustrating as this
process has been, without question,
when I talked to members on your side of
the aisle, including Waro and and
Senator, we call her CCM, but Cather
Katherryn Cortez Masto and Senator
Warner, the one thing I can tell you,
>> the entire process we have disagreed
vehemently,
but respectfully
and consistently, and working towards an
end result that makes America better. As
a kid who grew up in poverty, the thing
that attracts me to this issue the most
is democratization.
An opportunity to lower prices, create
access points that today does not exist.
This ought not be about Republicans and
Democrats. It ought not be about who's
on which side of the aisle or whether
you agree with what we've done. This
should be about the American people and
nothing else. I want single mothers like
the one that raised me to have more
opportunities, more access at a lower
price. And so we will disagree on this
today. But I hope that what we end up
with is a legislative product that is
good now and gets another bite at the
apple as it heads to the floor. This is
not over. And I hope that no one thinks
that this is over. This process
has been transparent. It has been hard.
and it has been clear and that's good
news for the American people who are
watching this process. I tried my very
best to take the expertise of an AG who
understands issues better than others. I
worked really hard with folks who was a
county uh supervisor as I was uh to
understand the local impact and
community banks. We've done a very good
job of putting it together. And now I'm
a little longwinded cuz I wanted to be a
preacher like Waro.
But I but I could but but but but it
didn't work out for me. God God didn't
call me to that. He didn't call me to
that.
>> Mr. Chair, stay in your lane.
>> Yes. Yes. Yes.
Someone should say amen before he takes
up an offering. But I'm just
here's the point. Here's the point.
This is a real opportunity
to move the ball forward. For a lot of
people in a lot of places, that's losing
confidence in American institutions.
Let's not
demonize
because it's easy.
Let's work together because it's hard
>> and important.
Senator Lumis,
>> Mr. Chairman, I have a point of order.
>> Certainly.
>> Thank you. And I agree with you. I think
we need to continue to move forward. And
so in that vein, uh my question is so I
don't we don't run a foul of this in the
future. Is the amendment um Cortez Masto
16 was ruled out of order?
>> Yes.
>> And can you explain what why it was out
of order? That would help me in the
future.
>> Certainly. We we asked all amendments to
be written to
written to the ANS
and the amendments were written to the
Friday clarity act Friday when we
released the the legislation.
>> Mhm.
>> We asked the amendments to be written to
the
substitute language.
>> Right.
>> And it was
>> it was not.
>> How was it not? That would be helpful
just so I know. I can pull it up. It was
it was written to the HR and it is a
strike and replace of text in the HR
that was not in there because it is of
it's in the ANS. We talked to the floor
and they said if they had received an
amendment like this that is a strike and
replace that is written as a put in the
appropriate place. It would not have
been accepted on the floor. So just so
we have a clarification for the future
for all of us so we don't get caught in
the this or that these are ours. Um I
asked the parliamentarian if this was
out of order um and she said no
>> and so I do think it will be helpful in
the future um so that we don't get
caught up in this craziness and we still
can move forward as a body that works
together on amendments has conversation
discussion that we have an understanding
uh of of these amendments. So I just
appreciate you taking my point of order.
Absolutely. And
>> and for the record, I I will submit the
parliamentarian's response to to the
question that I had about my amendment
number 16.
>> Without objection, we will submit our uh
conversation with the parliamentarians.
Well, Senator Lumis, the floor is yours.
>> Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Um I want to
start by a casual conversation among
friends that are around this dis.
Mr. Warner, thank you so much for
working so hard on this bill over the
last nine months. Um, Senator Cortez
Masto, thank you. You brought a level of
expertise on elicit finance that none of
the rest of us had, and I want to thank
you so much for that. Uh, your thoughts,
Mr. Warick, throughout the last nine
months have been additive to what I
think is a very good bill. Uh, Mr. GGO
has worked tirelessly behind the scenes
on multiple issues that are involved in
this legislation. And I want to single
out uh Senator Also Brooks for her
tremendous time commitment and work with
Mr. Tillis on the language uh that has
helped bring this bill uh to the floor
today on u on on the concerns that the
banking industry had about uh the Genius
Act. This has been a bipartisan dialogue
that has gone on for nine months. It has
been almost tireless and um Mr. Marino
uh Mr. tell us uh Mr. Kennedy
um honest
>> not everything
>> and and especially Senator Scott who has
kept us on track for nine months. This
is the hardest piece of legislation I've
ever worked on. I serve 14 years in the
Wyoming legislature, eight years as
state treasur, and now 14 years in the
Congress. This is by far the hardest
piece of legislation I've ever worked
on. And your colleague uh Kirsten
Gillibrand said the same thing and she
has more experience than I do in the US
Senate. And it's because this is a case
of first impression.
This is a very new
commodity and security
and it takes time to craft something to
address the innovation that has been
brought about through blockchain
technology.
And that's why it's taken such a
bipartisan effort, heavy lift, lots of
negotiations, involvement from those
people who are in the industry and it
has morphed since we began this bill 5
years ago because the industry has
matured over those years. this is new
and to have something this innovative
uh come to us uh via legislation today
really is quite remarkable.
So I want to thank the people in this
room uh both in the audience and at the
table for their tireless dedication.
Treasury, the White House, the industry,
we have all worked hard together. And I
pledge to you,
we will continue to work hard together
after today and before this bill hits
the floor to address that maybe 1%
of the remaining issues
uh that didn't come to fruition
uh before today. In spite of our
roundthe-c clock negotiations,
this is
America's innovation of the 250th
anniversary of our Constitution. There's
been nothing like it in our history. Um,
this bill continues the legacy of
America by ensuring innovation happens
here on US soil under clear progrowth
pro-consumer guidelines. And I can't
resist, Mr. chairman when I was
listening to uh the ranking uh member
the risks of which she spoke exists now
right now because there is no regulatory
framework. There is no way now uh that
this industry
can protect
the good actors,
discover, vet and punish the bad actors
and create a playing field with clear
regulation both at the SEC and the CFTC
that everyone can play under and
continue to innovate. We can return this
industry to the United States because
the majority of it has already left for
overseas because this legislation
wasn't ready until today.
Let me go through a couple of the things
that we have done to strengthen and
address some of the issues that have
been raised
regard to anti-money laundering and
elicit finance. It creates riskbased
exam standards. It expands Treasury's
special measure authority to act swiftly
against foreign money laundering. It
creates studies on mixers and tumblers.
It requires annual Treasury reports on
foreign jurisdictions compliance with US
AML CFT standards.
It requires recurring Treasury reports
on offshore stable coins. It requires
mandatory educational materials on
digital asset risks, insider resale
restrictions to prevent pump and dump
schemes. It has timely disclosure
requirements, broker deal insolveny
disclosures, a federal regulatory floor
for crypto kiosks. This is very
important. This has been a problem in my
state. Tokenized securities remain
securities under SEC jurisdiction. FTC
authority over unfair or deceptive
practices. 30 million per year through
2031 for Fininsen
with regard to fraud and AML provisions,
temporary holds for suspicious
activities and preventing those who
place the holds uh from having private
causes of action.
It applies BSA regulation to digital
asset brokers, dealers, and exchanges.
This list goes on and on. This is a
pro-law enforcement bill
and it's also a pro-consumer bill.
Consumers can now transmit money between
them faster and cheaper than they can
now. It provides a level playing field
regardless of whether you live in Rwanda
or Queens, New York about transmitting
money faster and cheaper. It provides a
woman who's trying to get out of a
battered, miserable marriage the
opportunity to walk away with her money
in her head.
It provides people who are being
tortured in foreign countries
the opportunity to walk away from that
country with their money in their head
because Bitcoin can be memorized.
This is an innovation that provides
individual freedom,
individual savings. It is faster,
cheaper, it is secure.
And we're inviting that consumer
environment into our country under a
very clearly articulated
set of rules. And it's because of all
the work that has gone into this by the
people in this room. I absolutely pledge
that I will work with you before this
bill gets to the floor.
We know those few remaining little items
that we have to work on together.
I trust you and I want you to trust me
to see this process through because we
know when we work together that we can
create a product that we can be proud of
and the American people can be proud of.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
>> Senator Tillis.
>> Uh very quick, Mr. Chairman. Uh, Senator
Lumis did a wonderful job. I just want
to reinforce a couple of things. You
know, quite honestly, when I heard the
ranking member talk, I thought I'd
teleported into a parallel universe
where we were talking about a different
bill that was being negotiated. Uh, this
bill has all of the attributes that
Senator Lumis uh discussed. That's why
AP has endorsed it. That's why law
enforcement supports it because the
status quo, quite honestly, is
unacceptable.
um not to mention the competitive threat
that we have uh for foreign
jurisdictions just to take the money
elsewhere and then we're aiding and
abetting and expanding the use of
illicit finance through this tool. Um
but I don't need to get into those
merits the merits of the bill anymore. I
just want to thank Senator Also Brooks.
I want to thank Senator Ggo. I want to
thank Senator Cortez Masto who really
opened my eyes to some of the
prosecutorial issues that uh that I as a
non- attorney hadn't paid attention to.
Senator Warner, Senator Waro. Yeah, I've
done a lot of bipartisan bills uh in my
time in the Senate. And the only way
this works is a bipartisan vote out of
this committee to get all these things
that are in this bill moving. But the
Democrats have ball control. They
control the motion to proceed. Like
Senator Lumis, I'm committed to work in
good faith and I think I've proven that
multiple times when it was tough for a
Republican to lead something and I'm
going to do it again here. Um, but let's
get the momentum out of this committee.
But finally, and and I I have to tell I
told Senator Also Brooks this morning
what a joy it's been to work with her
staff and the one the one group here.
We've talked about the stakeholders.
We've talked about the folks from the
White House, but but we should uh we
should all give our staff who have
gotten here before us and left here
after us for all of the hard work that
they've done, and we owe them the
respect of reporting this out on a
bipartisan basis today. Thank you, Mr.
Chair.
>> Senator Reid, this this will be the the
last comment. Senator Warren has just
helped me remember that some members
have to go to other committees and we
should get to the amendments. Uh,
Senator Reid, floor is yours.
>> I'll be very brief, Mr. Chairman. Um,
I've heard both you and Senator Lumis
speak eloquently about working together.
I've been on this committee almost 30
years. Uh, the definition of working
together at a markup is allowing
amendments to be called up and voted
upon.
It's the vote determines where we go
forward. And what I've never witnessed
anything like this in these three years
was just arbitrarily eliminating
amendments, uh, telling people they
can't bring them up or modify them to be
brought up. And, um, I'm willing to work
together, but this is not an example of
working together. Thank you.
I move to call up HR 3633, the Digital
Asset Market Clarity Act of 2025, and
ask unanimous consent that we dispense
with the reading of all amendments.
Senators will find printed copies in
front of them, the text of which has
already been made available. Is there an
objection? Without objection, so
ordered. I move to consideration of the
manager's amendment Scott amendment
number one. It is an amendment the
nature of the substitute to HR 3633. I
ask that Scott amendment number one, the
substitute amendment be adopted and
considered as original text for purposes
of further amendment. I ask that the
amendment be adopted by voice vote.
>> All in favor say I.
>> I. All oppose.
>> No.
>> Eyes have it. The eyes have it and the
amendment is agreed to. I now call up
rounds 133. Senator Rounds, you're
recognized.
>> Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. uh
my amendment uh number 133 uh I have
with co-sponsors senators Kim and Warner
and I would thank them for their
participation in this. Uh this amendment
would require financial regulatory
agencies to establish AI innovation labs
or sandboxes. These will enable
regulated financial institutions to
experiment with AI test projects without
expectation of enforcement action.
Taking a balanced approach that
encourages both innovation and
responsible adoption of AI. This
amendment would create a venue, a
sandbox for institutions to safety test
and experiment with cutting edge
technologies while allowing regulators
to learn about the tools that will
transform financial services. It closely
aligns with the purpose of the bill we
are considering today which is why I
urge my colleagues to support this
amendment and I thank you Mr. Chairman
and I would ask for a vote.
>> Right,
>> Mr. Chairman?
>> Yes, ma'am.
>> Uh I'd like to be recognized on this
amendment. Is that all right?
>> 60 seconds. Yes, ma'am.
>> Okay. So, this amendment would establish
a sandbox as um Senator Round says for
artificial intelligence products and
services in the financial sector. Look,
I appreciate my colleagues interest in
this issue, but boy, I am not ready to
support this proposal. This is not the
place to make decisions about AI
regulation. Um, the committee should
hold hearings on the implications of AI.
We should have a debate about the policy
options. I am happy to work with my
colleagues to see if there's a version
of this amendment that we can support,
but this provision is not there yet. And
I don't think a track record of these
sandboxes over the past decade in
financial technology or fintech context
should give us much confidence that that
actually turns out to have good results
for the American people and that it
ensures safe innovation for AI. So, I
think this is way too big for a little
amendment like this and opens doors we
should not be opening without a much
fuller discussion and uh hearings. So, I
would urge my colleagues to vote no on
rounds 133.
>> The clerk will call the role.
The
>> chairman
>> I.
>> Mr. Crapo.
>> Hi,
>> Mr. Rounds.
>> Mr. Tillis. Hi
>> Mr. Kennedy.
>> Hi
>> Mr. Hagerty.
>> Hagert's eye
>> Miss Lumus.
>> Hi
>> Mrs. Britt.
>> Mr. Rickettts.
>> Hi
>> Mr. Banks.
>> Mr. Kramer.
>> Hi
>> Mr. Moreno.
>> Hi.
>> Mr. McCormack.
>> I
>> Miss Warren.
>> No.
>> Mr. Reid.
>> Mr. Warner. I
>> Mr. Van Holland
>> no by proxy
>> Miss Cortez Masto
>> no
>> Miss Smith
>> Mr. Waro
>> no
>> Mr. Kim
>> I
>> Mr. GGO.
>> No.
>> Miss Blunt Rochester.
>> Miss Also Brookbrooks.
>> No.
>> The vote is 15 in favor and nine
opposed.
>> The agreement. The amendment is agreed
to. I now call up Warren number 74.
>> Uh so
let's talk about some of the people who
will be hurt by a bill that supercharges
the crypto industry without guard rails.
people saving for retirement and people
with pension plans. The current draft
fails to address one of the biggest
concerns that retirees face in this
bill. The tokenization loophole. This
country's biggest workers unions and
groups representing the largest pension
funds have said that this is a
catastrophic problem. Under this bill,
companies could escape basic securities
laws by raising money through tokens
rather than traditional securities like
stock, exposing Americans to a host of
risks by removing necessary investor
protections. The bill also kneecaps
federal and state law enforcement
authorities ability to crack down on
crypto fraud and scams. In other words,
this bill sets up investors to be
defrauded with no recourse. My amendment
would require investment advisors in
other entities in the financial system
to develop and implement processes to
protect investors from the heightened
risk posed by crypto before recommending
it to Americans looking to invest their
hard-earned money. Every member of this
committee should agree with this simple
fix to protect our investors and I urge
my colleagues to support Warren
Amendment 74.
>> Someone who wants to be recognized for
rebuttal. Rebuttal is only 60 seconds.
>> Thank you, Mr. Chairman. This amendment
would single out digital assets for a
special presumption of non-compliance
and create unnecessary litigation risk.
Uh this amendment should not be adopted.
It requires fiduciaries to implement
special processes to protect clients
from digital asset risks or be presumed
to have violated their fiduciary duty.
Current fiduciary standards already
require intermediaries to act in their
clients best interests, making this
amendment unnecessary.
The
>> clerk will call the role.
>> Chairman,
>> no.
>> Mr. Crapo,
>> Mr. Browns.
>> No.
>> Mr. Tillis.
>> Mr. Kennedy.
>> No.
>> Mr. Hagerty.
>> Hagerties. No.
>> Miss Lumus.
>> No.
>> Mrs. Britt.
>> Mr. Rickettts.
>> No.
>> Mr. Banks.
>> Mr. Kramer.
>> No.
>> Mr. Mareno.
>> Mr. McCormick.
>> No.
>> Miss Warren.
>> Yes.
>> Mr. Reed. Hi
>> Mr. Warner.
>> Hi
>> Mr. Van Holland.
>> I proxy
>> Miss Cortez Masto.
>> Hi
>> Miss Smith.
>> Mr. Waro.
>> Hi
>> Mr. Kim.
>> Mr. Ggo.
>> Hi
>> Miss Blunt Rochester.
>> Hi.
>> Miss Also Brooks
>> I.
>> The vote is 11 in favor and 13 opposed.
The amendment does not agreed to. We'll
now go to Brit 14. Senator Britt, you
are now recognized.
>> Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I'd like to
offer Brit number 14. My amendment
regarding 403b savings accounts. This
bill is bipartisan. It is very simple.
It is widely supported. It allows
employees of nonprofit organizations
like public school teachers, ministers,
nurses. It allows them the same access
to the 401k retirement plans that most
Americans can enjoy. CITs offer a wider
investment vehicle along with lower fees
and even higher returns and this will
allow them to participate in that. This
levels the playing field so that more
hardworking Americans can access more
investment options and ultimately retire
sooner. I want to thank Senator Waro for
leading this standalone bill with me and
a number of my colleagues here on this
committee both Democrat and Republican
uh who have co-sponsored it. Um I am
committed to finding a vehicle for this
to move. I am also committed to making
sure that the Clarity Act um moves out
today. So we will look for a different
vehicle um and we'll continue to build
support. I withdraw my amendment but
look forward to working with the chair
and the ranking member to actually get
this done.
>> Thank you very much. I call up Warren
64.
>> Thank you, Mr. Chairman. So, this bill
that we're looking at fails to address
foundational gaps on money laundering
responsibilities for conventional crypto
businesses and for DeFi services. And
even for the very worst platforms, this
bill fails to restore sanctions
authority to isolate them. While we're
at war, Iran is openly gearing up to
collect crypto fees from oil tankers to
pass through the Strait of Hormuz.
Terrorist groups, rogue states, foreign
adversaries, and criminals are using
crypto to evade our sanctions and
launder their money. According to
industry analysts, crypto crime jumped
at least
154 billion dollar last year, driven in
large part by a 694%
increase in crypto funds sent to
sanctioned entities. Sanctioned entities
are receiving these. Look, we need to
fix the hole in our sanctions authority
and crack down on crypto money
laundering. In 2022, the United States
sanctioned a notorious mixer called
tornado cash that had been used to
launder more than $7 billion for
criminals and foreign adversaries,
including more than $450 million for a
North Korean hacking group. These types
of crypto services are designed to make
it easy to launder a huge pile of money
and making it hard for anyone, including
our law enforcement officials, to tell
where the money came from. They are a
favorite tool for hackers, for terrorist
groups, and for sanctioned regimes. But
a court said Treasury needed Congress,
us to act before it would be able to
sanction the mixers like Tornado Cash.
So this amendment is simple. It restores
the authority to isolate and sanction
decentralized crypto platforms that
repeatedly facilitate transactions with
terrorist organizations like ISIS or
al-Qaeda or with North Korea, Russia or
Iran. and I urge my colleagues to
support this amendment.
>> Senator Lumis for a rebutt.
>> Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Um, the reason
that's happening is because this bill is
not law. When this bill becomes law, it
includes robust provisions in titles two
and three to address elicit finance and
sanctions. And it focuses these
provisions where they'll be most
effective. For example, it provides law
enforcement with the tools they need to
trace and disrupt money laundering and
clarifies sanctions and
anti-moneylaundering requirements for
digital asset entities. Uh we want to
discourage the illegitimate use of a of
digital assets while encouraging the
legitimate use. And we have found that
balance in this bill. This amendment is
not necessary. I urge that we oppose the
amendment.
>> Mr. Chairman
>> Kennedy
>> Kennedy.
>> Yes, sir.
>> Yes, sir. Senator Kennedy.
>> Uh, do I have your permission to ask
Senator Warren a quick question?
>> 15 seconds.
>> Yes, sir.
>> It'll take him that long to clear.
>> Senator Warren,
>> I don't understand why this bill doesn't
already accomplish the very worthy goal
that you've articulated.
May I answer, Mr. Chairman? May I
answer?
>> 15 seconds.
>> It's the tornado problem. You You
remember tornado, the mixer. What this
amendment does is it says that the
government can sanction and wall off a
mixer like tornado. What purpose does
tornadoes serve except to hide where the
money came from and where the money's
going to? And who needs to hide where
the money came from and where the
money's going to? It's the terrorists,
it's the money launderers, it's Iran,
it's the sanctioned entities. So all
this is doing is it's saying let's give
the power. It doesn't actually isolate
them in the bill. Let's give the power
to government to say when this is what
you're doing, they can they can isolate
you when you're dealing with these bad
actors. You're mixing up the money so
that you advance money laundering.
>> Senator Lumis, and then we'll move to
the vote.
>> Yeah. Thanks, Mr. Chairman. This bill
provides for a study of the use of mixes
and tumblers. They're a very complicated
entity, plus provides $30 million to
Fininsen, uh, which does have the
expertise to unravel mixes and tumblers,
uh, and already has the tools it needs
to enforce.
>> Yeah. Can I just say on that? Yes, they
have the expertise, but they don't have
the legal authority. A court has said
they need legal authority from Congress
so that they will be able to isolate
these mixers. Right now, they can't do
that. So, put your money in if you're a
terrorist. Go use Tornado and know that
there will be virtually no chance of
being caught. Um and that this is how
Iran can stay in the game and keep using
its money. This is how North Korea stays
in. I'm sorry.
>> Certainly. Rebut Senator Lumis bill
solves that problem.
>> Yes. Title two and three. Um and it's in
um elicit finance sanctions focus on
providing law enforcement with the tools
they need to trace and disrupt money
laundering including mixes and
>> studies.
Well,
it the law enforcement tools are also in
this bill.
>> Cler, call the role.
>> Chairman,
>> no.
>> Mr. Crapo,
>> Mr. Rounds,
>> no.
>> Mr. Tillis,
>> Mr. Kennedy,
>> no. Mr. Hagerty
>> Hagerties. No.
>> Miss Lumis,
>> no.
>> Mrs. Britt,
>> Mr. Rickettts,
>> no.
>> Mr. Banks,
>> Mr. Kramer,
>> no.
>> Mr. Moreno,
>> Mr. McCormick,
>> no.
>> Miss Warren?
>> Yes.
>> Mr. Reid?
>> Mr. Warner?
>> Hi.
>> Mr. Van Holland.
>> Uh, yes. by proxy.
>> Miss Cortez Masto.
>> Hi
>> Miss Smith.
>> Mr. Waro.
>> Hi
>> Mr. Kim.
>> Mr. Geiggo.
>> Hi
>> Miss Blunt Rochester.
>> Hi.
>> Miss Also Brooks
>> I.
>> The vote is 11 in favor and 13 opposed.
>> The amendment is not adopted. We now
call up M. McCormack 115. Senator
McCormick. You are now recognized for
two minutes.
>> Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Um to have the
opportunity to introduce my amendment
115 uh co-sponsored with Senator Bill
Hagerty. There's a long history of
bipartisan support uh for the SEC and
CFTC to provide for portfolio margining.
Section 402 of the Digital Asset Market
Clarity Act directs the SEC and the CFTC
to jointly issue rules that enable
portfolio margining across securities,
swaps, futures, and digital commodity
accounts held by registered dealers,
FCMs, or brokers. This section is
intended to allow natural risk offsets
among positions to be recognized and
would create greater efficiencies for
investors to manage risk. However, for
the portfolio margining to function
properly, changes are necessary to
ensure that customer protections under
the Securities Investor Protection Act,
SIPA, carry to CFTC regulated products
in the event that a broker dealer
becomes insolvent. This amendment I'm
offering today gives the SEC and CFTC
the flexibility to write rules relating
to SIPA with consultation from CIPC and
Treasury on expanded security portfolio
margin accounts. Not only is this
essential for customer protection during
times of market stress, but the
amendment also explicitly prohibits CIPC
advances from covering digital
commodities or swap positions which
protect traditional securities
customers. Digital assets are being
folded into the fabric of the financial
system. This amendment recognizes that
reality and its passage is important to
every single market participant, the
banks, crypto and customers. This
amendment is the result of working
closely with both Treasury and Civic and
represents a bipartisan agreement with
my Democratic colleagues. I would ask to
to be adopted by voice, but I'm open to
a roll call vote. Mr. Chairman, thank
you,
>> Mr. Chairman. voice if everybody
>> uh I'd like to respond if I could. Thank
you. Section 402 of this bill directs
the CFTC and SEC to issue a joint
rulemaking that will facilitate
portfolio margining across a wide
variety of categories of a lot of
diverse instruments including crypto.
Now, as everyone here knows, portfolio
margining allows calculation of margin
requirements based on the overall
portfolio rather than by individual
position. And it has the effect of
lowering margin requirements for
trading. Lower margin requirements
increase leverage and therefore increase
risk in the system. Excessive leverage
in our financial system has time and
time again been a culprit in crashes
that harm not just our financial markets
but spread to the real economy.
takes some steps toward protecting
consumers from the havoc of this new
regime, but it is not enough. The
amendment further seems to remove cipic
protections from accounts with crypto,
which highlights one of the real
paradoxes in this bill. It pushes more
of the market into crypto and removes
protections for investors and removes
recourse for victims. That is the wrong
direction to go in.
>> All right. When this blows up at the
economy, I hope everybody remembers. Mr.
>> Chairman,
actually, we're out of time. Actually,
I'm gonna stick with our two minutes,
one minutes as much as possible.
>> Voice vote. All in favor say I.
>> I. I.
>> I. Actually, I'd like to have a
recording vote on this. I think this
one's going to matter in history.
>> Clerk will call the role.
>> This lady needs to shut up.
>> Chairman,
>> I.
>> Mr. Crapo.
>> Hi,
>> Mr. Rounds. Hi
>> Mr. Tillis.
>> Hi.
>> Sorry
>> Mr. Kennedy.
>> Hi
>> Mr. Hagerty.
>> Hagert's eye
>> Miss Lumis.
>> Hi
>> Mrs. Britt.
>> Mr. Ricketts.
>> Hi
>> Mr. Banks.
>> I by proxy
>> Mr. Kramer.
>> Hi
>> Mr. Marino.
>> Mr. McCormick.
>> Hi.
>> Miss Warren. No
>> Mr. Reed.
>> No
>> Mr. Warner.
>> Hi
>> Mr. Van Holland.
>> No
>> Miss Cortez Masto.
>> Hi
>> Miss Smith.
>> No
>> Mr. Warorno.
>> Hi
>> Mr. Kim.
>> No
>> Mr. Geo.
>> Hi.
>> Miss Blunt Rochester.
>> No.
>> Miss also Brooks. I
>> the vote is 18 in favor and six opposed.
>> The amount the motion the amendment has
been adopted. We now call up Warren 52.
>> Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
So when banks take excessive risks in
pursuit of windfall profits, we know
what happens next. The bets blow up.
Businesses on Main Street are shuttered.
Workers lose their jobs and retirement
savings. Families are thrown out of
their homes and the economy goes into a
recession. Oh, and then Wall Street
comes to Congress and begs for bailouts
and gets them. That's why our laws are
supposed to keep the banks safe and
sound in part by limiting the kinds of
assets that banks can own and the
activities they can conduct. There are
plenty of traditional assets that banks
are prohibited from owning and
traditional activities that banks are
prohibited from conducting. This bill
would throw out these sensible
restrictions on crypto assets. For
example, the bill allows banks to
transact in the wild west of
decentralized finance where a platform
seems to face a run, get hacked, or
otherwise implode pretty much every
week. The bill also allows banks to lend
against crypto as collateral, to own
crypto directly, to trade crypto
derivatives, and more. The bill also
repeals a key pillar of the DoddFrank
Act for digital assets known as the
Vulkar rule. The bill allows bank
holding companies to buy and sell
digital assets for any investment or
trading purpose, including the type of
dangerous proprietary trading and hedge
fund activities that helped cause the
2008 crash. But innocent businesses and
families that have never even heard of
the blockchain will suffer if the next
crypto crash also causes a banking
crash. My amendment would strike these
dangerous provisions from the bill. I
urge my colleagues to vote for Warren
52.
>> 60 seconds.
>> Thank you, Mr. Chairman. There are three
states that already allow banks to do
this. One is Virginia, Wyoming,
Louisiana.
>> And after this bill passes, other states
will allow it to do it. The bank
permissibility language in our
legislation does one thing. It simply
confirms that banks can use digital
assets to conduct activities that they
already allow to perform by law. The US
dollar is going to be digitized. It is
going to be a digital asset. And so we
need to integrate all of these assets
into the banks that are allowed to do
them to continue to do them. There are
no special carveouts. This amendment
would strike three key provisions of the
bill related to bank permissibility,
portfolio margining, and netting
agreements. I urge my colleagues to
oppose this amendment. The
>> clerk will call the role.
>> The chairman,
>> nope.
>> Mr. Crapo,
>> no.
>> Mr. Rounds,
>> Mr. Tillis,
>> no.
>> Mr. Kennedy,
>> Mr. Hagerty,
>> Hagerty, no. Miss Lumus,
>> no.
>> Mrs. Britt,
>> Mr. Rickettts,
>> no.
>> Mr. Banks,
>> no. By proxy.
>> Mr. Kramer,
>> no.
>> Mr. Mareno,
>> Mr. McCormack,
>> no.
>> Miss Warren?
>> Yes.
>> Mr. Reed?
>> Hi.
>> Mr. Warner.
>> Hi,
>> Mr. Van Holland. Hi,
>> Miss Cortez. Masto. Hi
>> Miss Smith.
>> Hi
>> Mr. Waro.
>> Mr. Kim.
>> Hi
>> Mr. Gigo.
>> I
>> Miss Blunt Rochester.
>> Miss Alerbrooks
>> I.
>> The vote is 11 in favor and 13 opposed.
>> The amendment is not agreed to. We now
call up Warren 66.
>> Thank you Mr. Chairman. So Jeffrey
Epstein was an early backer of crypto.
He poured millions of dollars into
Coinbase, one of the biggest benefactors
of this bill if it becomes law. And
that's no surprise. Epstein recognized
crypto's potential, as a tool to
covertly facilitate illicit payments.
But as the crypto ecosystem was new and
just developing, Wall Street banks were
happy to provide the financial services
that Epstein needed to facilitate his
crimes. You might think that big banks
would have severed their ties with
Epstein following his 2008 conviction
for soliciting a child for sex. And you
would be wrong. For more than a decade,
J bank banks like JP Morgan, Deutsche
Bank, and Bank of America generated
massive fees off of Epstein's business
while ignoring very obvious red flags.
It wasn't until Epstein was arrested
once again in 2019 that JP Morgan
finally disclosed more than 4,700
transactions made between 1998 and 2013
totaling more than a billion dollars,
including payments to Russian banks and
young women. I have called on President
Trump's bank regulators to use their
authorities to investigate the bank
executives that help facilitate Jeffrey
Epstein's crimes and to turn over any
information they have gathered over the
years to Congress. And so far, they
haven't lifted a finger. This amendment
would require the federal banking
regulators to publish any bank
examination records related to Epstein
and his co-conspirators. What did the
banks know and when did they know it?
Did bank regulators spot anything that
should have set off alarms? Answers to
those questions may be buried in the
banking regulators confidential
supervisory records. Some sunlight might
help prevent Wall Street and crypto
companies from funding the next Jeffrey
Epstein. I urge my colleagues to support
Warren 66
>> rebuttal.
>> Mr. Chairman, confidential supervisory
information is not germanine to digital
asset market structure. The Epstein
files have nothing to do with this bill.
I urge my colleagues to oppose the
amendment.
>> Clerk will call the role.
>> Mr. Chairman, can I ask a question?
>> The point of order.
>> Sure.
I I just wanted to ask the U. Senator
War, what how are you defining
co-conspirators?
>> That's this is exactly what we want to
find out when you don't have the
information. You don't know. But what we
do know is that Jeffrey Epstein was
using crypto early on that he was
involved in illicit financial
transactions that three of the largest
financial
>> I'm sorry. I I get I get that. But you
say the the regulators have to release
stuff about Epstein and his
co-conspirators. How are they going to
know who his co-conspirators are?
>> Well, they have already been named in
court documents. One, his identified is
Jazlain Maxwell as an identified
convicted co-conspirator and I think her
record should be released as well.
>> I look forward to you all continuing
this conversation after the hearing.
Clerk will call the role.
>> Chairman,
>> no.
>> Mr. Crapo,
>> Mr. Rounds,
>> no.
>> Mr. Tillis,
>> Mr. Kennedy,
>> Mr. Hagerty.
>> Hagerties. No.
>> Miss Lumis,
>> no.
>> Mrs. Britt,
>> Mr. Rickettts,
>> Mr. Banks,
>> no. by proxy.
>> Mr. Kramer,
>> no.
>> Mr. Moreno,
>> Mr. McCormack,
>> no.
>> Miss Warren,
>> yes.
>> Mr. Reed,
>> hi.
>> Mr. Warner,
>> Mr. Van Holland,
>> hi
>> Miss Cortez Masto.
>> Hi,
>> Miss Smith.
>> Mr. Waro.
>> Hi,
>> Mr. Kim.
>> Mr. Gigo.
>> Hi,
>> Miss Blunt Rochester. I
>> miss also Brooks.
>> I
>> The vote is 11 in favor and 13 opposed.
>> The amendment is not agreed to. We will
now move to
>> Mr. Chairman, I'm going to get in
trouble again. I know, but I've got
another point of order. I I would I
would consider voting for this amendment
if if you think about taking out
co-conspirators.
>> I'd be glad to amend it.
>> Yes. The uh author of the amendment
accepts the the the proposed change.
>> Mr. Chair, point of order. The votes
been held. The amendments been disposed
of. That would require an additional
amendment at this time. The
>> amendment is not agreed to. We will now
move to call up read number 90.
>> Uh thank you, Mr. Chairman. Um my
amendment allows the government to block
foreign illicit transactions that occur
using stable coins as if they were
dollars in a bank. This will primarily
crack down on Iran's use of stable coins
to fund their nuclear program, support
terrorist proxies, and uh engage with
our forces. At the present time,
according to blockchain analytics firm
TRM Labs, Iran continues to use
cryptocurrency to source sensitive
goods. Chinese chip resellers have shown
the willingness and capability to apply
drone components, electrical equipment,
AI critical hardware, etc. Uh, and these
unmanned systems, these drones are what
is wrecking havoc on our forces and our
allies in the Persian Gulf. Today, we've
lost 14 Americans and hundreds wounded.
Uh, and the money can be traced back,
much of it, to stable coins. Now uh Iran
is also accepting tolls in stable coins
at the straight of a moose be and
they're making money on that too. Now
Treasury cannot
shut down this operation. Excuse me. I
have to go hatinand to Tether and say
please Tether would you voluntarily
stop doing this? We need structures. If
everyone stands around talks about how
much they support the troops. If you
really support the troops, cut off the
funding for the arrange.
>> Rebuttal.
>> Senator Hagerty, please.
>> Mr. Chairman, the bill that we're voting
on today already includes dedicated
elicit finance and sanctions provisions
for digital assets. Title two and title
three address anti-moneyaundering,
sanctions compliance, information
sharing, digital asset kiosks, DeFi risk
controls, and other illicit financing
risks. The amendment creates a broad
extr territorial rule for dollar
denominated stable coins. I'm concerned
that actually could undermine
responsible use of stable coins abroad.
So I'm going to urge my colleagues to
oppose Senator Reed's amendment.
>> Mr. President,
>> clerk will call the role.
>> Chairman,
>> no.
>> Mr. Crapo,
>> no. By proxy,
>> Mr. Rounds,
>> no.
>> Mr. Tillis,
>> Mr. Kennedy,
>> no.
>> Mr. Hagerty,
>> Hagert's No. Miss Lumis,
>> no.
>> Mrs. Britt,
>> Mr. Rickettts,
>> no.
>> Mr. Banks,
>> Mr. Kramer,
>> no.
>> Mr. Moreno,
>> Miss Warren.
>> Yes,
>> Mr. Reed.
>> Hi,
>> Mr. Warner.
>> Mr. Van Holland.
>> Hi,
>> Miss Cortez. Masto.
>> Miss Smith. Hi
>> Mr. Waro.
>> Hi.
>> Mr. Kim.
>> Hi
>> Mr. Gigo.
>> Miss Blunt Rochester.
>> Hi
>> Miss Also Brooks.
>> I
>> The vote is 11 in favor and 13 opposed.
>> The amendment is not agreed to. We will
now move to read number 100. Senator,
>> thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Uh my
amendment number 100 uh attempts to do
what I tried to do in the genius act
which was to make the US dollar the
official currency of the United States
of America and it cannot be replaced by
alternatives as legal tender. I was
struck when Senator Lumis said that the
dollar will be digitized and I think
that's the plan of many people and if it
is digitized the dollar will no longer
be controlled by the Federal Reserve.
It'll be controlled by companies like
World Financial and that I don't think
is a good development for the United
States, our economy or the world. And my
amendment would also ensure that the
dollar cannot be
supplanted by currencies like the
Chinese, yuan, and others. So I think
we've got to move and make this very
clear. Everyone will nod and say, "Of
course, the dollar is always going to be
the prince currency United States." As I
said, as I've heard today, the dollar
will be digitized, and if we don't
recognize that, prepare for it, a shame
on us.
Thank you, Mr.
>> Yes, sir.
>> rebuttal, Mr. Chairman.
>> Senator Mareno.
>> Uh, this amendment is outside the scope
of the bill before us. Uh, the Clarity
Act is a market structure bill. It does
not make crypto legal tender. It does
not require any state to accept crypto
for taxes. It does not disturb the
status of the United States dollar as
legal tender. This amendment tries to
resolve a broader issue that is not
necessary to the framework we are
considering today. We should keep the
focus on building a workable regulatory
structure for digital assets, not add
unrelated legal tender language. And on
a personal note, uh, in 2016, I became
the first person in the United States of
America to pay my taxes with Bitcoin to
show the capabilities of the technology.
Had I met the senator from Rhode Island,
I would not have done that as I paid
$3,000 in taxes with two Bitcoin. So, I
would absolutely be in a better spot had
I not done that. So, we should have met
each other back then.
>> Well, if I may, on this German, uh,
>> you have about nine seconds. 9 seconds.
I just uh repeat again what Senator Luma
said.
Dollars will be digitized. If we don't
make it clear that
digital currencies will can and may
supplant the dollar, we'll be in very
difficult economic positions.
>> We will move on. I do want to make a
note that the $3,000 that you use for
the Bitcoin would today be worth how
much?
>> Too soon. Okay. Thank you. Just wanted
to make sure that point was clear. Uh
the clerk will call the role.
>> The chairman.
>> Nope.
>> Mr. Crapo.
>> Mr. Rounds.
>> Mr. Tillis.
>> Mr. Kennedy.
>> Kennedy.
>> Mr. Higerty.
>> Higerties. No. Miss Lumus,
>> no.
>> Mrs. Britt,
>> Mr. Rickettts,
>> no.
>> Mr. Banks,
>> Mr. Kramer,
>> no.
>> Mr. Mareno,
>> Mr. McCormack,
>> no.
>> Miss Warren.
>> Hi,
>> Mr. Reed.
>> I
>> Mr. Warner.
>> Mr. Van Holland.
>> Hi,
>> Miss Cortez. Masto.
>> Miss Smith.
>> Hi,
>> Mr. Waro. Hi
>> Mr. Kim.
>> Hi
>> Mr. Gigo.
>> Miss Blunt Rochester.
>> Hi
>> Miss Also Brooks.
>> I
>> The vote is 11 in favor and 13 opposed.
>> Thank you. The amendment is not adopted.
We will now call up Warner 131. But to
answer the question of Senator Marino,
the answer is $161,774.
>> Thank you.
What a way to do this.
>> Well, thank you. Um, Mr. Chairman, I
want to start by thanking you and your
staff.
>> We have worked through um thousands of
hours. I want to particularly thank
Senator Lumis. Um, I can't think of a
piece of legislation that I've spent
more time on. Um, I voted for genius
because I thought we needed a stable
coin basis in this country and I think
we need a market structure bill um for
this country as well. and I will look
forward to continuing to work on this
past committee. Now, I also though want
to take a moment to acknowledge I think
a continued good faith from the chairman
and Senator Lumus. There are a series of
bipartisan amendments that we worked on
this morning that you've accepted. So, I
again absolutely trust that we can get
this get this done. I I my amendment and
I just particularly for my friends uh
sitting in the audience reflects the
language
that my Republican colleagues and the
White House accepted on DeFi.
Now, we have worked dramatically since
that time hearing some of the industry's
concerns. We've made over 40 changes and
most of that will be included, I think,
in Senator Lumis' um amendments. Um, I
still think there are some issues to
work through, particularly to make sure
that law enforcement has the tools it
needs to make sure bad actors can't find
a way to work around this framework. Uh,
make sure government, senior government
officials can't use these tools to
enrich themselves. Um, I'm committed to
working to get a bill that, um, moves
moves this bill forward on the floor. I
guess I've often said we've been in
crypto I've been in crypto hell the last
couple months. I hope to get to crypto
heaven. I guess I'm right now in crypto
purgatory, but I'm looking forward to
getting all the way there. Thank you,
Mr. Chairman. And I withdraw my
amendment.
>> Thank Thank you, I'll now call up
actually before I do so. We are
around 11:45 which means that we're
about 17 minutes away from the 2hour
window and would need
permission to continue beyond that.
>> We are glad to continue beyond that.
>> Great. Thank you. I will now call up
Senator Van Hollands number 33.
>> Uh thank you uh Mr. Chairman. Last year,
the volume of digital assets involved in
illicit activities blew through all
previous records. By one estimate, 154
billion was sent to illicit crypto
wallets, up from 59 billion in 2024.
Decentralized finance, DeFi services
play an important role in this illicit
ecosystem. I think we all know that bad
actors use tools like tumblers and
mixers to launder money, evade law
enforcement, and move funds. Just look
at what North Korean hackers did last
year. They hacked $1.5 billion from the
crypto exchange Bybit and then used DeFi
services and exchanges to switch between
crypto tokens to launder funds and evade
investigators. These are funds that can
now help support the North Korean
nuclear program or other illicit
activities. Or look at Iran. Iranian
actors have been documented using DeFi
exchanges in techniques to launder funds
and evade sanctions. In some cases, it's
clear that these DeFi tools are created
because their developers plan to profit
from illicit activity. They know that
bad actors will exploit these tools. In
fact, that's the whole point for some of
them. And so, we need to hold them
accountable. Addressing the illicit
finance risk in DeFi overall is not
straightforward. We know that. But this
amendment is straightforward and it's
limited and simple. It would simply make
it unlawful to release a DeFi protocol
for the purpose for the express purpose
of enabling moneyaundering, sanctions,
evasion, and financing of terrorism.
That's what it does. There should be
consequences if you set out to enable
drug traffickers, scammers, North Korea
or Iran. And I hope my colleagues will
agree with that premise and support this
amendment.
>> Rebuttal.
>> Yeah, Mr. Chairman.
In this bill, we've tried to use
existing statutes uh and embed digital
assets under them, whether it's the SEC,
the CFTC, or criminal penalties. So the
same conduct that uh the gentleman uh is
trying to address is already chargeable
today under 18 USC 1956 and 1957
and existing sanctions laws. So if
somebody builds or uses software to
launder criminal proceeds or evade
sanctions, prosecutors can already bring
cases under these statutes without
needing a specific DeFi add-on. So if
you carve out one thing uh for um
specific treatment, it sends a signal
that DeFi software is not welcome in
this country and we don't want to send
that signal. We want to use the existing
strictures
uh and embed uh digital assets in the
US. So for that reason I oppose the
amendment.
>> Clerk will call the role.
Chairman,
>> no.
>> Mr. Crapo,
>> Mr. Rounds,
>> no.
>> Mr. Tillis,
>> Mr. Kennedy,
>> no. By proxy.
>> Mr. Hagerty,
>> Hagerties, No.
>> Miss Lumis,
>> no.
>> Mrs. Britt,
>> Mr. Rickettts,
>> no.
>> Mr. Banks,
>> Mr. Kramer,
>> no.
>> Mr. Moreno.
>> Mr. McCormack.
>> No. Miss Warren.
>> Yes.
>> Mr. Reed,
>> I
>> Mr. Warner.
>> Mr. Van Holland.
>> Hi.
>> Miss Cortez Masto.
>> Miss Smith.
>> Yes.
>> Mr. Waro.
>> Hi.
>> Mr. Kim.
>> Mr. Ggo.
>> Hi.
>> Miss Blunt Rochester.
>> I
>> Miss Als Brooks.
>> I.
>> The vote is 11 in favor and 13 opposed.
The amendment is not agreed to. We will
now move to Van Holland number 35.
Senator Van Galand.
>> Uh thank you, Mr. Chairman. Uh this
amendment is straightforward. It's
designed to prevent conflict of
interests and self-deing by the
president or members of the House or the
Senate. It also requires greater
transparency. We have all seen the
president and members of his family
involved in corrupt crypto ventures and
various crypto scams. Through World
Liberty Financial, the Trump family has
rad in billions in profits. Most of much
of it obtained through corrupt deals
with members of the UAE royal family. In
fact, we've heard testimony from
witnesses before this committee about
that. And the Trump and Melania
millennia meme coins have allowed Trump
to rake in
hundreds of millions if not more in
cash. Even as investors lost 4.3
billion. The way that scam works is that
whether retail investors win or lose,
Trump is like the house at the casino.
He always wins. And what this amendment
does is very simple. We're letting the
American public know. We're letting the
people know that we're not going to
allow selfdeing by the president or
members of the house and senate and
others who have direct control and
influence over these operations as
witnessed by the fact that we're marking
up this bill. So the people involved
directly in making these policies from
the president to the congress should not
be able to be issuers of these
particular uh assets and coins. So
that's what the amendment does. Um Mr.
Chairman and I ask for the y's and nays.
>> Rebuttal.
>> Mr. Chairman,
>> Senator Marino,
>> uh this is the banking committee, not
the judiciary committee. the inclusion
of a criminal penalty in references the
attorney general make this amendment not
gerine to this committee. It's out of
order. I urge my colleagues to vote no.
And I would also just say that as a
lawyer uh we you should of anybody
respect the fact that people are
innocent in this country to proven
guilty. You're making conclusive
comments about a person who's a good man
who serves this nation. And to say with
no knowledge
that he is committing a crime is a
disgrace. We can have political
conversations about policies. We don't
have to turn everything into ad hominant
attacks against the president of the
United States.
Clerk will call the
>> the chairman. Allow me just to respond
briefly because I I was clear um senator
that the deal with world liberty
financial
has all the markings of a corrupt deal.
As you know, the president decided to
relieve some of the restrictions the
United States had placed on
on chips and AI to the royal family just
after those transactions occurred and he
departed for his trip and of course
there was the transaction even before
the inauguration that Shik Tanoon made
in World Liberty Financial. Let me just
uh reinforce the point that Senator
Moreno made. Uh our country still
affords the individual the presumption
of innocence. And while we can continue
the process making allegations, I do
think Senator Marino's point is spoton
and I rarely do I speak out uh when you
two are having a conversation or any
other ones. I I do think we should be
very careful in this in this context.
But let us move to the vote. Okay. Thank
you, Mr. Chairman. Of course, this this
amendment doesn't pass judgment on this
issue. This just says the president, no
matter who he is or members of Congress,
>> your comments did, not not the amendment
itself.
>> I use the word corrupt.
>> Call the role.
>> Difference. Call the role.
>> Gentleman knows the chairman.
>> No.
>> Mr. Crapo,
>> no.
>> Mr. Rounds,
>> Mr. Tillis,
>> no.
>> Mr. Kennedy,
>> Mr. Hagerty,
>> Hagert's No. Miss Lumis,
>> no.
>> Mrs. Britt,
>> Mr. Rickettts,
>> no.
>> Mr. Banks,
>> Mr. Kramer,
>> no.
>> Mr. Mareno,
>> Mr. McCormick,
>> no.
>> Miss Warren,
>> I
>> Mr. Reed,
>> I proxy.
>> Mr. Warner,
>> I
>> Mr. Van Holland,
>> hi
>> Miss Cortez Masto.
>> Hi,
>> Miss Smith.
>> Mr. Waro. Hi
>> Mr. Kim.
>> Hi
>> Mr. Gigo.
>> Miss Blunt Rochester.
>> Hi
>> Miss Also Brooks.
>> I
>> The vote is 11 in favor and 13 opposed.
>> The agreement is not the amendment is
not agreed to. So we'll now move to
Cortez Masto number 22.
>> Thank you uh Mr. Chairman. Uh let me
start off by saying similar to some of
my colleagues. Thank you for working
together. I think we have come so far on
a number of provisions in a bipartisan
way and I appreciate that. I also want
to continue working with my colleagues.
Um, Senator Lamas, you've been great to
work with. Thank you. And I look forward
to continuing to work with you to move
forward. Um, and I I
let me just say a couple of things. I am
concerned that um right now the clarity
act would make it more difficult uh for
law enforcement to c capture criminals
who use defi to move their elicit
proceeds. Um in response to the work
that we have been doing together on the
on the sections including this amendment
um I have received letters uh from law
enforcement opposing u portions like
this of the clarity act. There's two
letters from the National Association of
Assistant US Attorneys who do the
prosecution of that illicit activity,
two letters from the National District
Attorneys Association, two letters from
the National Sheriff's Association, a
letter from the Fraternal Order of
Police, and a letter from the major
county sheriffs of America,
International Association of Chiefs of
Police, Association of State Criminal
Investigative Agencies, and the National
Association of Police Organizations. I'd
actually submit these for the record.
>> Thank you. Um and so and the reason why
is my my goal has been to find common
ground because I think we have agreed
that um a non-controlling a true
non-controlling developer or software
provider shouldn't be subject because
they're not involved in any of this
activity. The concern that many of us
have including in law enforcement was
that the definition was too broad and
the bad guys are going to jump into that
definition. And the bad guys we're
talking about are the ones that that I
think Senator Kenny, I'm sorry he's not
here, was asking questions about those
mixers and those tumblers. They are
carved out of of these sections. And so
the goal would be to make sure that we
are letting the good players still be
able to innovate, those non-controlling
developers, let them do their thing, but
not taking away the tools from law
enforcement to be able to prosecute
those individuals that pose a really
kind of a public safety national
security threat. And I'm talking about
folks like foreign states like South
Korea and others. Um, so
>> excuse me, excuse me. I I I was paying
attention to the chairman. I'm trying to
move very quickly now, but let me let me
finish this. Uh for North Korea, Iran,
and others that are using this terrorist
activity um that unfortunately are uh
opposed to what we are doing here in the
United States, protecting our
communities. So, um I support the crypto
regulation. I voted for Genius last
year. I'm ready to continue to work on
this bill, but we need language to stop
and punish those bad actors and give the
prosecutors the tools they need to be
able to do just that.
>> Rebuttal, Mr. Chairman.
>> Mr. Senator Moreno,
>> uh, first of all, to my colleague from
Nevada, thank you for your hard work on
on all this and I think you're
absolutely working in good faith to try
to get to a resolution. and I agree with
the sentiment of what you're saying, but
this amendment would strike critical
protections for non-controlling
blockchain developers contained in
section 301. What makes this amendment
particularly troubling is that section
301 has specifically drafted to
distinguish between so-called
decentralized finance protocols that are
decentralized in name only. We actually
came up with a name that Republicans
don't always love being called rhinos.
We call this one dinos and protocols
that are genuinely decentralized and not
operated by centralized intermediaries
behind the scenes. If this legislation
already recognizes that distinction and
applies appropriate regulatory standards
to actors who retain control over a
protocol, it makes little sense to
simultaneously eliminate protections for
developers of truly decentralized
systems that lack a controlling
intermediary. In practice, this
amendment would introduce regulatory
uncertainty. I could go on, but here's
what I would say. Uh what Senator Lumis
said earlier. Let's work together to
figure out a way to get a landing spot
where you're comfortable. We support law
enforcement and we make certain that
there's accountability in this. But for
this amendment, I urge my colleagues to
vote now. Cler will call the role.
>> Chairman,
>> nope.
>> Mr. Crabo,
>> no.
>> Mr. Rounds,
>> Mr. Mr. Tillis,
>> no.
>> Mr. Kennedy,
>> no. By proxy,
>> Mr. Hagerty,
>> Hagert's, no.
>> Miss Lumis,
>> no.
>> Mrs. Britt,
>> Mr. Rickettts,
>> Mr. Banks,
>> Mr. Kramer,
>> no.
>> Mr. Moreno,
>> Mr. McCormack,
>> no. By proxy,
>> Miss Warren,
>> I.
>> Mr. Reed,
>> I
>> Mr. Warner,
>> I.
>> Mr. Mr. Van Holland.
>> Hi
>> Miss Cortez Masto.
>> Miss Smith.
>> Hi
>> Mr. Waro.
>> Mr. Kim.
>> Hi
>> Mr. Gigo.
>> Hi.
>> Miss Blunt Rochester.
>> I
>> Miss Also Brooks
>> I.
>> The vote is 11 in favor and 13 opposed.
>> The amendment is not agreed to. We will
now move to call up Smith number 119.
Senator Smith. You're now recognized.
Thank you, Mr. Chair. I would like to
offer my amendment Smith number 119. So,
this amendment would incorporate Senator
Durban's no bailout for crypto act,
which I joined him in introducing last
year. We can all agree, I think, that
crypto assets are incredibly volatile,
and a single tweet can cause prices to
fluctuate wildly. Bitcoin, for example,
lost nearly a third of its value since
hitting an all-time high just in
October. Um, Ethereum's value has more
than hald since its peak. And these are
just two of the most dominant assets in
the crypto market. Nearly two trillion
worth of crypto asset value was lost in
the crypto crash of 2022. And I'm quite
concerned, Mr. Chair, in its current
form that this bill that we're
considering today all but ensures that
the next crash is even bigger than that.
So, what this amendment does is simply
to prohibit federal agencies from
bailing out the digital asset industry,
preventing US taxpayers from being on
the hook. Um, if that happens, when that
happens, I want to just thank Senator
Durban for his leadership on this issue,
and I urge my colleagues to support this
amendment.
>> Senator Lumis, rebuttal.
>> Thank you, Mr. Chairman. The Clarity Act
does not authorize a bailout of the
digital asset industry. It creates rules
for the digital asset markets. It
doesn't create a rescue fund, a
guarantee, or a taxpayer backs stop. The
amendment's unnecessary, and it
distracts from the purpose of the bill.
We should be focused on building a clear
regulatory framework, not suggesting
that this bill authorizes something it
does not.
>> Mr. Chair,
>> this amendment, I would just say, does
not suggest it only is a preventative
measure. It pro it protects the
taxpayers from future decisions to bail
out the crypto industry.
>> We'll call the role.
>> No.
>> Mr. Crapo,
>> no.
>> Mr. Rounds,
>> Mr. Tillis,
>> no.
>> Mr. Kennedy,
>> Mr. Hagerty,
>> Hagert's No.
>> Mr. Lumis,
>> no.
>> Mrs. Brit.
>> No. By proxy.
>> Mr. Rickettts.
>> No.
>> Mr. Banks.
>> Mr. Kramer.
>> No.
>> Mr. Mareno.
>> Mr. McCormack.
>> No.
>> Miss Warren.
>> Hi.
>> Mr. Reed.
>> Mr. Warner.
>> Hi.
>> Mr. Van Holland.
>> Miss Cortez Masto.
>> Hi.
>> Miss Smith.
>> Hi. Mr. Waro,
>> hi.
>> Mr. Kim,
>> Mr. Geiggo, hi.
>> Miss Blunt Rochester,
>> Miss Alen Brooks,
>> I
>> The vote is 11 in favor and 13 opposed.
>> The amendment,
>> Mr. Chairman, I ask to be recorded as
present.
>> Thank you. And a no
>> and a no.
>> Thank you. The amendment is not agreed
to. We will now call up Waro 121.
>> Mr. Chairman, I intend to call up
amendment uh Waro 121. Thank you. My
amendment further strengthens this
bill's consumer and investor
protections. We made great progress over
the past several months of negotiation,
>> and I would like to thank Senator Lumus
and Chair Scott uh for working with me
on compromised provisions to ensure all
consumers and investors are protected
from fraud in digital assets. I regret
that those compromises are not fully
reflected in the text of today's bill,
but I'm hopeful that we can continue to
work together on this, especially since
the ad committee's partisan half of this
bill is so weak on consumer protection
and frankly, it's a non-starter for
Democrats on the floor.
But I do want to echo um what um my
colleague Senator Van Holland and others
have said. Uh the president's
selfdealing with digital assets is pure
corruption and everyone in this room
knows that uh whether his dealings are
illegal is is a matter of legislation
and that's the work we're engaged in. Uh
but there's no doubt that this is this
is pure corruption and the majority has
refused to agree to enforce uh to
enforceable guard rails around all
elected officials. all of us, including
the president and the vice president, to
prevent them from profiting from crypto
while they're supposed to be serving the
public. The public needs uh deserves to
know that we're working for them and not
for ourselves. And the president's
insistence on being engaged in the way
that he's engaged in this whole industry
has cast a dark pole
on the whole process.
And so, he should decide whether he
wants to get this done or whether he
wants to continue to enrich his family.
Democrats have made it clear since the
beginning of this process that we will
not accept a crypto bill that allows the
president's cryptocorruption to
continue. We all agree the digital
assets industry needs regulatory
clarity, but I cannot support this bill
in its current form, and we'll be voting
no this morning. I look forward to
continuing to work in a bipartisan
manner with all of you on a bill that
has strong ethical standards with strong
consumer and investor protections. And
it is in that spirit of good faith
compromise that I withdraw my amendment
and I will not seek a vote. Thank you uh
Mr. Chair or Reverend Dr. Chair. Uh I
withdraw my amendment.
>> Thank you Senator Dr. Reverend. I will
now call up Kim number 24.
>> Thank you chairman. I believe in
innovation in financial services, want
to harness the opportunity of emerging
technologies and that's why I did
support the Genius Act last year and I
believe that this innovation can be
achieved while also working to stop
cartels, state sponsors of terrorists uh
terrorism, foreign terrorist
organizations from exploiting the
technology. I worked for years on
countering terrorist financing before I
came into Congress and I saw how we can
find these types of important balances
and I heard from industry leaders how
they don't want their products and tools
to be used by terrorist groups and they
don't also said that a one-sizefits-all
regulation is not the answer. They also
said that frameworks of the past may not
be fully applicable to the emerging
technologies of tomorrow. To those
points, I agree. Which is why I'm
offering this amendment to modernize the
Bank Secrecy Act by adding a new
category of financial institutions that
would allow us to go after cartel, state
sponsors of terrorism, and foreign
terrorist organizations that are trying
to take advantage of the emerging
technologies. At the same time, my
amendment preserves innovation and
growth for true DeFi because I know that
a one-sizefits-all framework does not
work. I support DeFi technology
entrepreneurs and developers and I
believe that innovation can grow without
allowing terrorist resources to grow. So
let's meet the moment with a common
sense update to the BSA while continuing
to encourage innovation in the
industries here in the United States. I
urge my colleagues to vote yes on this
amendment. And with that, I yield back.
>> Thank you, Senator Lemus.
>> Yeah, Mr. Chairman, thank you.
This amendment's not needed because the
bill entitled Two already includes a
section that accomplishes just what this
amendment contemplates. It directs
SpinSen and the CFTC to apply the Bank
Secrecy Act to digital commodity
brokers, dealers, and exchanges. And it
does it in a very precise manner. Um, so
I encourage uh the proponent to check
out title two and also uh look at titles
two and three on money laundering and
elicit finance. This bill, our bill, I
think references the BSA 16 times and if
I counted correctly and uh I don't think
uh there's one a single reference to BSA
in the House passed bill. So we're
really tying BSA into our bill. Thank
you, Mr. Chairman
>> clerk will call the role.
>> The chairman.
>> No.
>> Mr. Crapo,
>> no.
>> Mr. Rounds,
>> Mr. Tillis,
>> Mr. Kennedy,
>> no.
>> Mr. Hagerty,
>> Hagerties, no.
>> Miss Lumis,
>> no.
>> Mrs. Britt,
>> Mr. Rickettts,
>> no.
>> Mr. Banks,
>> Mr. Kramer,
>> no.
>> Mr. Mr. Mareno,
>> Mr. McCormack,
>> no.
>> Miss Warren,
>> I
>> Mr. Reed,
>> hi
>> Mr. Warner.
>> Hi,
>> Mr. Van Holland.
>> Miss Cortez Masto.
>> Hi,
>> Miss Smith.
>> Mr. Waro.
>> Hi,
>> Mr. Kim.
>> Mr. Gigo.
>> Hi,
>> Miss Blunt Rochester.
>> Miss Als Brooks. I
>> the vote is 11 in favor and 13 opposed.
>> The amendment is not agreed to. We will
now call up GGO number 18.
>> Thank you.
>> Thank you, Mr. Chair, ranking member. Uh
and thank you for the whole markup. Uh
this has been to say the least a very
long difficult process. Uh it's been
great though working with Senator Lumis.
Uh Senator Tillis okay time working with
Moreno.
to be honest.
Uh but we really have spent the better
time of last year in countless meetings,
long nights and working through
holidays. And really at its best, the
Senate learns together, finds common
ground, and legislates. This is what
this process demanded of us. And it's
not an easy bill, as we all know. And
it's exactly what we try to do. And
after working on Genius Act and we all
remember that ordeal, we all learned
that solving issues on the front end
makes for better legislation and we take
that seriously here and for very very
good reason. What Congress is is
attempting to do here is creating
regulations for an entirely new sector
of our financial system and it is a
massive undertaking. 67 million
Americans own digital assets. We owe it
to these people, many of whom are young
and simply trying to achieve in
financial independence to get this
right. With one in four Americans now
invested in digital assets, we cannot
afford to wait. We also cannot afford to
get this wrong. And that's the balance
we are trying to strike. Through serious
bipartisan negotiations, we have made
incredible progress on this bill. We
have narrow the gap on many of the
outstanding issues. We did serious
bipartisan work on generally difficult
situ questions about regulatory
jurisdiction, consumer disclosure
requirements, crypto ATMs, and to name a
few. I want to be clear that my vote
here does not guarantee a vote on the
floor. After today, we need to connect
with our agriculture committee
colleagues and collapse negotiations
into one and all sit at the table. And
perhaps the toughest issue of all, we
have come close but have not finished an
agreement on ethics guardrail for
elected officials, all elected
officials.
We need real enforceable standards for
what is what it is and is not acceptable
for someone who holds the public trust
and shouldn't be able to profit off an
industry that they in the force or
regulate.
But we will continue to work. I I am
looking forward to continue working. Mr.
Tillis and uh ranking member uh chairman
chairwoman Lumis and I have talked about
this how we're going to continue working
and I hope to see that we don't have any
more backsiding and can move forward and
hopefully uh finish this. So I withdraw
my GGO uh amendment number 18 and uh you
know will in committee vote yes but if
this is not resolved by the time the
floor uh like I have in the past I am
not afraid uh to vote no. Look forward
to working together and hopefully come
to a solution. Thank you.
>> Thank you sir. We will now move uh
Senator also Brooks has decided to offer
Senator Warren's the space that she had
for number seven. We will now hear from
Senator Warren on amendment number 79.
Senator Warren, you are now recognized.
>> Thank you. So, the Trump administration
has spent the past year trying every
trick in the book to kill the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau, the agency
that has returned more than $21 billion
directly to consumers who've been
cheated by banks and giant corporations.
Acting Director Vote has dropped
virtually all of the consumer agency's
ongoing enforcement actions against
crooks and other bad actors. He's tried
to lay off almost all of its staff and
he's tried to drain its funding. People
have bought fought back and a federal
court has prevented Trump and vote from
fully shutting down the agency. But at
the same time that Congress is debating
this bill, which would dramatically
expand the risk of fraud in consumer in
crypto markets, the administration is
busy trying to fire the cops responsible
for protecting consumers. Now, remember,
the CFPB is the agency responsible for
fighting to cap abusive overdraft fees
and late fees, to strike down medical
debt from consumers credit reports, to
protect service members from being
charged illegal interest rates on loans,
to stop families from being put out on
the street with an illegal foreclosure.
The CFPB is going to be more important
than ever if we pass a bill unleashing
new crypto scams. My amendment would
ensure that the CFPB receives a
consistent funding stream that is
insulated from the kinds of political
games the Trump administration has been
playing to undermine consumer financial
protection in this country. I urge my
colleagues to support Warren 79.
>> Senator Marino for rebuttal. This
amendment uh should not be adopted for
one simple reason. The CFPB's budget is
clearly out of the scope of this bill.
It's absolutely not germanine. We voted
on quite a few attempted GRE review acts
yesterday and those were all voted down
and I urge my colleagues to do the same
with this amendment.
>> May I have my last 15 seconds that I
didn't use? Sure.
>> And my 15 seconds are the CFPB was
created right here in this committee
because of fraud. If we are creating a
new opportunity for expanded fraud, we
need to make sure that the CFPB is fully
funded.
>> The clerk will call the role.
>> And I still have three seconds.
>> My goodness.
>> Chairman,
>> no.
>> Mr. Crapo, no.
>> Mr. Rounds,
>> no.
>> Mr. Mr. Tillis,
>> Mr. Kennedy,
>> no.
>> Mr. Hagerty,
>> Hagerties, No.
>> Miss Lumis,
>> no.
>> Mrs. Britt,
>> Five more.
>> Mr. Rickettts,
>> that's a big
>> Mr. Banks.
>> No.
>> Mr. Kramer,
>> no.
>> Mr. Marino,
>> Mr. McCormack,
>> no.
>> Miss Warren.
Uh I sorry that I was
>> Mr. Reed
>> was dazzled by the chairman's comments.
>> But yay by proxy I'm still dead
>> Mr. Warner.
>> Hi
>> Mr. Van Holland.
>> Miss Cortez Masto.
Hey,
I proxy.
>> Oh, I by proxy
>> Miss Smith.
>> Hi,
>> Mr. Warno.
>> I by proxy
>> Mr. Kim.
>> Hi,
>> Mr. Ggo.
>> Miss Blum Rochester.
>> Hi,
>> Miss Also Brooks.
>> I
>> The vote is 11 in favor and 13 opposed.
respond.
>> I'm going to change.
>> That's okay.
>> Yeah.
>> About an hour ago,
we I received a request from a couple of
Democrat members to add five amendments
to make this a bipartisan outcome, and
I've decided to do so.
>> So, Mr. Chairman, I object here. You cut
16 amendments from the members of this
committee. We agreed. You said nope. We
got to our numbers and said these are
our numbers. And now all of a sudden you
have decided to rule back in three
amendments. I take it from Senator Lamus
that you originally ruled out because it
will be more convenient because somebody
gets a vote. You just said as we started
this, the rules are the rules and that
you're not going to pick and choose and
say, "Oh, this is going to help that one
along or it's going to help that one
along." That you were going to apply the
rules across the board. I came in here
with one set of rules and understood
that that was the case. So, if you're
now going to rule arbitrarily
that you've picked three out of the
basket to add back in, three Republican
amendments to add back in, then I think
you should rule that all of the
amendments are back in. We'd like all of
the Democratic amendments back in. And I
am particularly looking at Cortez Masto
number 16. This is an amendment that was
requested by the National Sheriff's
Association. It would close a massive
loophole in the current bill that would
make it right now the current bill makes
it harder for law enforcement to go
after cartels and criminals that are
using decentralized platforms to launder
money. Or how about we do Reed Smith
number 95 for example? That's the
amendment that would prevent deposit
flight from community banks which
Republicans are clearly afraid to vote
on. So, it seems to me, Mr. Chairman,
following the rules you announced at the
beginning, either we know all the
amendments when we walk in and that's
the end of it, or if you're going to
start opening that up, let's open it up
to everyone, not just three amendments
on the Republican side.
>> Actually, the amendment that we just
voted on, number 79, was not agreed to
as well. we substituted it based on the
request of also Brooks to allow you to
have that amendment and I did so and as
you said at the beginning of this
hearing uh this that I have the right as
the chairman to pick and choose which
amendments we wanted and based on a
bipartisan which I'm not choosing
between Republicans and Democrats. I'm
actually choosing four Republicans and
Democrats to have these final amendments
in order.
>> You know with respect, Mr. Chairman, you
didn't say to me that if also Brooks
wanted to yield her spot over for me to
add another amendment, the consequence
would be that Lumus would suddenly get
three amendments that had been ruled,
>> that they would not be held and they
would be out of order.
>> I just don't understand this process.
>> This is a Wikipedia definition of no
good deed goes unpunished. These were
bipartisan bills. So, Mr. Chair, maybe
instead of considering them here today
with the ranking members objections, can
we just get an agreement that they'd be
baked into a manager's amendment on the
floor?
>> Yes.
>> No. No.
>> Good. Okay.
>> I think point of Yeah. Go ahead,
>> Mr. Chairman.
>> Last comment on the on the left. We'll
go to closing remarks. Yes. I would
actually prefer um because of the good
faith that uh that Senator Lumis has
shown and you know and I I intend to
work more on this bill, but I would hope
uh this would move me much closer if
these amendments are not put off till
the floor.
>> Then I clearly withdraw my my comment.
>> Yeah. Point of order, Mr. Mr. Chair,
just so I have clarification
>> certainly
>> cuz my if you had included my number 16,
I wouldn't be asking this question.
>> But now I'm trying to understand
originally 16 was not allowed because it
was ineligible based on a scrivener's
error. So were these others. But now at
the chairman's call and discretion,
those are going to be allowed in. But
this one not because it's still a
scrivener's error. I'm confused. Or or
is it just and and listen, I respect it.
It's your call.
>> Yes.
>> If it's that just that you want to let
some in and some not, that's fine, too.
I I respect that. I'm just trying to
understand as we move forward.
>> Certainly. There's no doubt that this
could be confusing to folks looking on.
It's a simple actual answer. We have an
opportunity to what do what I think is
in America's best interest is to show
that when possible, both sides can find
a path forward. And in my opinion,
finding that path forward
requires me to allow
Lumis' amendments in because that was a
request of Democrat members in order to
get to a bipartisan coalition and
solution. And so I have made the
decision that treating both sides fairly
requires me to listen to both sides. And
now that there are both sides coming to
the table, both asking me to make a
decision to allow amendments in,
it's incumbent upon me to make the right
decision. In my opinion, making the
right decision is to allow these
amendments in.
>> So we can either do it the way that
Phyllis has recommended or we can do it
the way that Warner recommended. But at
the end of the day,
>> for
let me let me suggest obviously the
Democrats have not agreed to this. There
may be a Democrat, there may be three
Democrats who've agreed to this,
>> but the Democrats have not agreed to
this.
>> Let me ask the question the other way
around because I know you are always
want to be fair.
>> Yes.
>> You guys have the majority. You voted
out every single thing that the
Democrats have tried to put in. What is
the harm to letting us vote two more
amendments that we wanted to vote? one
that is supported by law enforcement
and one that is supported by community
banks. We're not here to try to make
this a longer process. You still have
all the votes. You can keep them out,
but we'd at least like have an
opportunity to vote on these two
amendments and then still an unusual
process, but I would call it you are
trying to be fair here. Otherwise,
you've just said, "I'm gonna pick the
people who I think are going to put
together the deal." That is the deal you
like. It's not the deal I like. And so,
either we get the same kind of parody.
We get the same kind of courtesy
afforded each other. We're just asking
for two amendments. You're getting three
here.
>> And let us vote on those two. What's I
don't know what the harm is of voting.
You guys, we get it. You'll probably
vote no, but you ought to at least have
to hear it. Actually, I think it's four
or five amendments, but
>> I'm only asking two.
>> I understand.
>> I think the the answer is a simple one.
Again,
the about 11:05, we informed your team
that there was a
bipartisan coalition asking for more
amendments that I had taken out. I
decided to listen to the bipartisan
conversation and come to the conclusion
that it was worth moving on. and and
that is what I'm going to do. And uh
with Senator Warner and other members of
your side re reinforcing my point, I
think the best thing to do is to accept
those amendments, hear them, and hear
the rebuttals.
>> I just want to say I'm deeply concerned
that law enforcement officials will
listen to this and wonder why their
point of view couldn't be heard. That
community banks will listen to this and
wonder why their point of view just
couldn't be heard. That's all anyone's
asking for. It's 2 minutes in order to
get the amendment out. A minute by way
of rebuttal and we're done. But we came
in here lived with the fact that you
said sorry can't do those but part of
your statement was and sorry there are
Republican things we can't do as well.
So the Democratic position look our
position should be it's all of them but
we're willing I'm just going to say on
behalf of my colleagues here we're
willing to settle just for these two.
And now call up Lamus number 122.
>> Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I would
request a voice vote as opposed to a
roll call vote on this.
>> Okay. Uh Mr. Chairman, I call up my
amendment 122 and ask that page four,
lines one and two be stricken, and I
urge its adoption.
These are changes to clarify the
circumstances in which a DeFi protocol
is decentralized in name only and is
actually controlled by a small group of
persons.
And I want to thank Senator Warner for
working with me on this
>> rebuttal.
>> Yes, Mr. Chairman.
Look, this amendment makes some
technical fixes to section 301 of the
bill. It's hard to fix something that's
fundamentally broken. Section 301 sets a
narrow test for what counts as a crypto
intermediary that few will ever meet. It
also incorporates section 604, the same
loophole that shields decentralized
services from basic anti-moneylaundering
rules. As law enforcement experts have
stressed, it doesn't matter if you have
rules if nobody has to follow them. The
amendment doesn't fix any of those
issues and I urge all my colleagues to
oppose this amendment. Amendment.
>> I move to strike pages four lines one
and two. All in favor say I.
>> I.
>> Call for a roll call vote.
>> I have a feeling.
>> Clerk will call the role.
>> Chairman
>> I.
Yes.
>> Mr. Crapo.
>> I.
>> Mr. Rounds.
>> Hi. Mr. Tillis.
>> Hi,
>> Mr. Kennedy.
>> Mr. Hagerty.
>> Hagert's eye.
>> Miss Lumis,
>> hi.
>> Mrs. Britt,
>> hi
>> Mr. Rickettts.
>> Hi,
>> Mr. Banks.
>> Mr. Kramer.
>> Hi,
>> Mr. Mareno.
>> Mr. McCormack.
>> Hi,
>> Miss Warren.
>> No,
>> Mr. Reid,
>> no.
>> Mr. Warner
>> I
>> Mr. Van Holland
>> no
>> Miss Cortez Masto
>> I
>> Miss Smith
>> no
>> Mr. Waro
>> yes by proxy
>> Mr. Kim
>> no
>> Mr. Gigo.
>> Hi.
>> Miss Blunt Rochester.
>> No.
>> Miss Also Brookbrooks.
>> I
>> The vote is 18 in favor and six opposed.
>> Mr. Chairman, could I ask just one
parliamentary inquiry because I am
confused on the process. I understand
there were some amendments that were
disqualified because of Scriber's error
and Senator Lumus had some of those and
some of our colleagues had some of those
and I understand the desire to put those
back into the mix and have have votes. I
had amendments that were drawn properly.
>> Yes,
>> that were not disqualified at all,
including one on anti-touting Van
Holland 34 and Van Halen 29 on fair
disclosure of information. and those
were written exactly right. And so now
we're having votes on amendments that
you originally declared had not been
correctly drafted and not allowing me
and maybe some others to actually vote
on amendments that were in order and
properly drafted. How does that make
sense?
>> During the Genius Act, we made uh we
came to a compromise on the number of
amendments that we were going to have.
It was around 40. I can't remember
exactly the number that we had, but
ultimately uh when the ranking members
side asked for how many amendments we
were going to have, I chose the number
that we were going to have. I gave our
side five. I gave you all 15. Ranking
member chose to work with us to figure
out the 15 that you all would have. And
ultimately, that's how we got here.
>> I I will just say in in conclusion, Mr.
Chairman, I I I believe it's
unprecedented
to kind of cap the number of in order
amendments.
>> Actually, not at this
>> every every it's not unprecedented.
Number one, number two, every time we do
a voter, we compromise on the number of
amendments that we have. When we did
Genius Act, we compromised on amendment
we number of amendments we have and
we're doing it again. Uh the clerk will
now call the role on the
You didn't
>> 18 to six. It was
>> thought he did.
>> What was it?
>> 18.
>> The last 18 to six.
>> The lines have been stricken. We will
now move to the amendment itself. Lumus
number 122.
>> The chairman.
>> As modified.
>> Yes.
>> Please call the role.
>> The chairman.
>> I.
>> Mr. Crapo.
>> Hi.
>> Mr. Rounds.
>> Mr. Tillis.
>> Hi.
>> Mr. Kennedy.
>> Hi,
>> Mr. Hagerty.
>> Hagert's eye
>> Miss Lumis.
>> Hi,
>> Mrs. Britt.
>> Mr. Rickettts.
>> Hi,
>> Mr. Banks.
>> Mr. Kramer.
>> Hi,
>> Mr. Moreno.
>> Mr. McCormack.
>> Hi,
>> Miss Warren.
>> No,
>> Mr. Reed.
>> Mr. Warner. I
>> Mr. Van Holland.
>> No
>> Miss Cortez Masto.
>> Hi
>> Miss Smith.
>> No
>> Mr. Waro.
>> I proxy
>> Mr. Kim.
>> No.
>> Mr. Geigo.
>> Hi.
>> Miss Blunt Rochester. No.
>> Miss Also Brooks. I
>> the vote is 18 in favor and six opposed.
>> The amendment as modified is agreed to.
We now call up Lumus number 123. Senator
Lumus, you are now recognized.
>> Microphone.
>> Thank you, ma'am.
>> Asking for a voice vote on 123.
>> Mr. Chairman, amendment 123 makes
bipartisan changes with respect to
activities that are permissible for
banks and credit unions to engage in
digital asset activities. These changes
include clarifying the trading
activities that banks can do and
extending applicability to insured
credit unions. I urge adoption and yield
back.
>> Senator Warren is recognized for
rebuttal.
>> This amendment makes some modest
improvements to section 401. the part of
the bill that drastically expands the
cryptoreated activities that
taxpayerinsured
banks are permitted to engage in. Wow.
But this one falls far short. Under this
amendment, banks would be able to
transact in decentralized finance, lend
against crypto as collateral, own crypto
directly, trade crypto derivatives, and
more. What could possibly go wrong? Why
are Republicans trying to divert
Americans deposits away from small
business lending and mortgage lending?
It this just makes no sense. If the bill
passes, even with this amendment, the
next crypto crash could bring down the
banks as well and bring down the entire
economy. Let's strike this section
instead of trying to tweak it along the
edges and pretend that that fixes this
problem. I urge my colleagues to vote no
on limus 123.
>> Call the roll.
>> Yes.
>> Mr. Crapo.
>> Mr. Rounds.
>> Hi.
>> Mr. Tillis.
>> Mr. Kennedy. Hi.
>> Mr. Hagerty. Hagerty.
>> Eye.
>> Miss Lumus.
>> Hi.
>> Mrs. Britt.
>> Mr. Ricketts. Hi.
Mr. Banks. Hi.
>> Mr. Kramer.
>> Hi.
>> Mr. Moreno.
>> Mr. McCormack.
>> Hi.
>> Miss Warren.
>> No.
>> Mr. Reed.
>> Mr. Warner.
>> I
>> Mr. Van Holland.
>> No.
>> Miss Cortez Masto.
>> Hi.
>> Miss Smith.
>> No.
>> Mr. Waro.
I by proxy
>> Mr. Kim.
>> Hi
>> Mr. Geiggo.
>> Hi.
>> Miss Blunt Rochester.
>> Miss Als Brooks.
>> I
>> The vote is 19 in favor and five
opposed.
>> I now call the amendment is agreed to. I
now call up Lumus 124.
>> Mr. Chairman, amendment 124 changes an
or strikes an or and adds an and to
section 505 to ensure that the SEC
properly carries out a rule making for
the protection of investors and the
benefit of our financial markets. Um I
thank my Democrat colleagues for
bringing this amendment to my attention
and I urge everyone to support it.
>> Senator Warren for a rebuttal. Look, the
problem of tokenization is one of the
biggest problems with this bill. And the
fix that this amendment proposes in
section 505
gives the idea of a fig leaf a bad name.
It is so inadequate.
This amendment through a minor
improvement on that section does not do
nearly enough to protect our system from
the harm of this bill. As I have said
before, the bill creates a system of
easy regulation for crypto and easy ways
out of securities regulation to this new
easy streak for crypto. And then to stop
the inevitable flow of capital from our
traditional markets into crypto that
this incentive system will cause,
section 505 ostensibly require imposes a
requirement of regulatory parody between
securities and tokenized securities. It
would be one thing if the bill left it
at that, but it goes on to weaken that
already anemic fix by providing that the
SEC actually can treat securities like
assets differently in light of the
unique technological characteristics of
crypto or consistent with the public
interest and protecting investors. While
the amendment would instead require the
SEC to base its exceptions on the unique
characteristics of crypto and whether or
not it is in the interest of the public
and investors, it does nothing to change
the fact that this exception to the
requirement of regulatory parody
threatens to swallow the entire rule. I
urge my colleagues to oppose it.
>> Clerk will call the role.
>> Yes.
>> Mr. Crapo. Hi
>> Mr. Rounds.
>> Hi
>> Mr. Tillis.
>> Mr. Kennedy.
>> Hi
>> Mr. Hagerty.
>> Hagert's eye
>> Miss Lumis.
>> Hi
>> Mrs. Brit.
>> Mr. Ricketts.
>> Hi
>> Mr. Banks.
>> Mr. Kramer.
>> Hi
>> Mr. Mareno.
>> Mr. McCormack.
>> Hi
>> Miss Warren.
>> No
>> Mr. Reid.
>> Mr. Warner.
>> Hi.
>> Mr. Van Holland.
>> No.
>> Miss Cortez Masto.
>> Hi.
>> Miss Smith.
>> No.
>> Mr. Waro.
>> I by proxy.
>> Mr. Kim.
>> No.
>> Mr. Geigo.
>> Hi.
>> Miss Blunt Rochester.
>> No.
>> Miss Also Brooks.
>> I.
The vote is 18 in favor and 11 opposed
or six opposed.
>> The amendment is agreed to. We now go to
Lumus 125. Senator Lumis, you are
recognized.
>> Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I urge adoption
of amendment number 125. This amendment
adds a bipartisan provision to address
insider trading for ancillary assets.
And I want to thank my colleagues on
this committee for the work we all did
together to come to an agreement on this
amendment. Uh, I'm proud of all of us
and I urge support.
>> Senator Warren for a rebuttal.
>> Well, at face value, this amendment
applies existing security laws
prohibiting insider trading to crypto
assets and that's a goal I would
wholeheartedly support if it were even
close to enough to address the issue.
But this amendment attempts to use a
wine cork to plug a school bus-sized
hole that is created in our securities
laws by this bill. Look, at its core,
the bill provides easier rules for
crypto and easy ways for them to escape
securities regulation and get to this
more lax regulatory environment. issuers
of securities only have to put
securities on the blockchain and then
selfcertify that securities laws don't
apply and they have to the rules start
to fall away. So while the amendment
calls for ancillary assets to be covered
by insider trading prohibitions, it does
absolutely nothing to address the fact
that the bill has created so many roots
for instruments that share all the
features of securities not to be
considered ancillary assets at all and
therefore to be totally exempt from the
securities laws including the ones
addressed by this amendment. So, while I
support stamping out insider trading in
all its forms, this fix is far from
adequate to address the issue. And it
gives the public a false sense of
security that somehow they're going to
be safe from insider trading in crypto
because they will not be safe. The
insiders are going to run the game. So,
I urge my colleagues to vote no.
>> The clerk will call the role.
>> Chairman,
>> yes. Mr. Crapo. Hi,
>> Mr. Rounds.
>> Hi,
>> Mr. Tillis.
>> Mr. Kennedy. Hi,
>> Mr. Hagerty.
>> Hagert's eye,
>> Mr. Lumus.
>> Hi,
>> Mrs. Britt.
>> Mr. Rickettts.
>> Hi,
>> Mr. Banks.
>> Mr. Kramer.
>> Hi,
>> Mr. Moreno.
>> Mr. McCormack.
>> Hi,
>> Miss Warren.
>> No,
>> Mr. Reed. No
>> Mr. Warner.
>> I
>> Mr. Van Holland.
>> No,
>> Miss Cortez Masto.
>> I
>> Miss Smith.
>> No.
>> Mr. Waro.
>> I by proxy.
>> Mr. Kim.
>> No.
>> Mr. Gigo.
>> Miss Blunt Rochester.
>> No.
>> Miss Als Brooks. I
>> the vote is 18 in favor and six opposed.
>> The amendment is agreed to. I now call
up Lumus 126. Senator Lumus, you are now
recognized.
>> Mr. Chairman, I move amendment number
126 and is um encourage its adoption.
The purpose is to provide investor and
consumer protection enforcement. This is
bipartisan to provide for a system of
regulation of the offer and sale of
digital commodities by the SEC and CFTC.
And uh I encourage and I thank again my
colleagues for working on this on a
bipartisan basis and urge its adoption.
>> Ranking member Warren is recognized for
rebuttal.
>> So I think we should call this one fig
leaf number nine. Uh, this amendment
claims to restore state level consumer
and investor protections and the ability
of harmed investors to sue, but it is so
riddled with exceptions and caveats and
loopholes that it's pretty much
meaningless. Now, to be clear, one of
the bill's most serious fatal flaws is
that it guts state enforcement
authority, a point that Senator Cortez
Masto has made over and over. And I
offered an amendment that
comprehensively protected all those
authorities, but that amendment was
blocked by the chair. I offered it
because for decades, state securities
regulators have acted as frontline cops
on the beat in all 50 states, rooting
out fraud and scams in markets,
particularly in those that affect
individuals or small dollar amounts that
may not get priority from federal law
enforcement. This provides a critical
additional layer of enforcement capacity
on top of federal watchdogs like the SEC
to make sure that every individual who
is harmed has a chance of being made
whole and that the wrongdoers are held
accountable. As the crypto industry has
grown, so have the scams. As Donald
Trump's federal regulators abdicate any
responsibility for holding crypto
criminals accountable, these state level
cops are the lawabiding
American people's only line of defense.
This bill already guts the SEC's ability
to protect investors from the worst
instances of fraud, insider trading, and
market manipulation. But it also
tramples on states rights, blocking
state authorities from enforcing many of
their own laws, including those that
fight fraud and illegal conduct in these
markets. Eliminating these protections
and remedies that consumers have already
under state law will leave crypto
holding consumers sitting ducks for
fraud and far worse off than they would
be without any crypto market structure
bill at all. If this amendment actually
did something, I would support it. But
it actually does nothing, only fool
people to pretend it's doing something.
I urge a no vote.
>> Clerk will call the role.
>> The chairman.
>> I.
>> Mr. Crapo.
>> Hi.
>> Mr. Rounds.
>> Mr. Tillis.
>> Hi.
>> Mr. Kennedy.
>> Mr. Hagerty.
>> Hagert's eye.
>> Miss Lumis.
>> Hi,
>> Mrs. Britt.
>> Mr. Rickettts. Hi
>> Mr. Banks.
>> Mr. Kramer.
>> Hi
>> Mr. Moreno.
>> Mr. McCormack.
>> Hi
>> Miss Warren.
>> No
>> Mr. Reed.
>> Mr. Warner.
>> I
>> Mr. Van Holland.
>> No.
>> Miss Cortez Masto.
>> Hi.
>> Miss Smith.
>> No
>> Mr. Mr. Waro
>> I by proxy
>> Mr. Kim
>> no
>> Mr. Geigo
>> I
>> Miss Blunt Rochester
>> no
>> Miss Also Brooks
>> I
>> the vote is 18 in favor and six opposed
>> the amendment is agreed to there are no
further amendments the question
>> Mr. Chair
Mr. Chair
>> yes
>> um Mr. Chair, I would like to actually
offer Reed Smith 95. I know that this
amendment has been out of order.
>> Out of order.
>> There the out of order.
>> There are there are no further
amendments. The question is now on
ordering the bill HR 3633, the Digital
Asset Market Clarity Act of 2025
reported as amended. The clerk will call
the role. Mr.
>> The clerk will call the role.
>> Mr. President,
>> the clerk will call the role.
>> Chairman,
>> I.
>> Mr. Crapo,
>> Mr. Browns.
>> Hi,
>> Mr. Tillis.
>> Mr. Kennedy.
>> Hi,
>> Mr. Hagerty.
>> Miss Lumus.
>> Hi,
>> Mrs. Britt.
>> Mr. Rickettts.
>> Hi,
>> Mr. Banks.
>> Mr. Kramer.
>> Hi,
>> Mr. Moreno.
>> Mr. McCormack.
>> Hi,
>> Miss Warren.
>> No,
>> Mr. Reed. No
>> Mr. Warner.
>> No
>> Mr. Van Holland.
>> Miss Cortez Masto.
>> No
>> Miss Smith.
>> Mr. Waro.
>> No. By proxy.
>> Mr. Kim.
>> No.
>> Mr. Geigo.
>> Hi.
>> Miss Blunt Rochester.
>> No.
>> Miss Also Brooks.
>> I.
The vote is 15 in favor and nine
opposed.
>> The eyes have it. HR 3633 is hereby
ordered reported as amended to the full
Senate. I ask unanimous consent that the
staff be allowed to make technical and
conforming changes and that the cordon
rule be waved. Any objection? Hearing no
objection. So ordered. Is there any
member who would like to give a
statement?
>> Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chairman.
>> Senator Marino.
>> Um first of all I I want to uh thank all
my colleagues for their hard work on
this. I think there's some still some
work to be done. Se section 301
specifically, I think we need to work on
uh to make that even better. Uh but
specifically, I just want to call out my
two staffers, Sophia and Lindsay, for
the hard work that they put in. And I'm
sure all of you have Sophia's and
Lindsay that I think we need to give
them a unanimous round of applause for
their hard work.
Mr. Chair,
>> Senator Also Brooks,
>> I'd like to say a few words on the bill.
Um, the digital revolution is upon us
and it has presented a clear opportunity
to support small businesses, generate
wealth, and I believe spur innovation.
And the truth is this digital revolution
is happening with us or without us.
Whether or not we regulate it uh to
create the rules of the road or not, it
is here. I have a 20-year-old daughter
and she and her peers have made it
abundantly clear to me that they are
interested in this innovation that they
believe that uh the digital revolution
is important and they want not only to
be able to participated in it safely but
they want what every American wants true
and growing economic opportunity the
opportunity to become wealthy uh to have
generational wealth and so that is why I
am at the table I've been in
negotiations for over nine months
working toward regulating digital assets
in a way that protects consumers and
reduces the risk of deposit flight while
still allowing innovation to happen. I
have negotiated in good faith with
colleagues on both sides of the aisle
and I want to thank them so much for all
of their hard work. And in recognition
of that good faith, I have voted yes to
advance the bill today. Now, I want to
be abundantly clear. My vote today is a
vote to keep working in good faith. It
does not mean that I'll be voting for
the passage of the Clarity Act on the
floor because we still have so much work
to do. I'm aware that we need to find a
workable way to address law
enforcement's concerns about financial
crimes. I'm a former prosecutor and I
know how important this is. We also need
to incorporate an ethics agreement that
would allow that would apply not only to
the president and vice president, but to
all of us. The American people,
especially my constituents, expect that
from us. And we need to work with our
colleagues on the agriculture committee
on their product, which still needs
work. I'll keep working with my
colleagues to get this done. Americans
from every background and every
community deserve to benefit financially
from this digital revolution and to be
protected from the risks that come with
it. If we don't act, we'll get left
behind and we and I simply will not let
that happen. Thank you,
>> Mr. Chair.
>> I think Senator Hagerty is next and then
Senator Tillis or Senator Britt and then
Tillis.
>> Thank Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
>> Ladies first. Senator Hagerty, please
continue.
>> Okay. Then leave this first. Go ahead.
>> I I I just want to say thank you. This
bill creates a market structure
framework for digital assets. It's going
to supercharge innovation here in
America. We've been long awaiting this.
Uh less than a year ago, this committee
advanced the Genius Act. Um and it has
promoted a a tremendous worldleading
regulatory framework for stable coins.
The act that we're going to pass today
promises to do the same thing for all
digital assets. And I want to thank you,
Chairman Scott, for your leadership and
for your commitment to me to work on
technical fixes to the Genius Act that
we have bipartisan agreement on. And I
want to thank Senator Also Brooks,
Senator Warner, and Senator Marino for
working with me on these this bipartisan
fix and look forward to getting that
implemented in the next iteration of
this bill. Thank you,
>> Senator Britt.
>> Thank you, Mr. Chair. Uh, thank you for
your leadership on this and everyone who
took so much time and energy um to help
get this where it is today. In
particular, Senator Lumis. um you have
put heart and soul into this countless
hours um because you want to make sure
that we innovate here on our shores. You
want to make sure that each and every
person has the opportunity that they
wouldn't otherwise. And it has been an
honor to work with you on this and to
watch you lead. Um in particular as
well, Senator Tillis and Senator Oso
Brooks, thank you for your tireless
advocacy um to make sure that we we got
this right. Um I do hope that this
committee continues to look at ways that
we can provide relief for community
banks. Um there are a number of places
where we have seen overburdensome
regulations, things that were not
intended to apply to a certain group.
And um we know that they're the
lifeblood of our main streets and our
small towns. And so I hope that we
continue to look at that and look for
ways to work together even on this piece
of legislation. Um, in particular,
Senator Cruz and I have a piece of
legislation, the Community Bank Relief
Act, um, we know when the Durban
Amendment was passed in 2010 that it it
ultimately there were about 7,500
community banks that were exempt during
that time and now today there are at
least um or fewer than 4,500. So, I
think there are several um entities
there that were never intended to be
burdened by that regulation and I think
we should fix it. That's one example of
things that we can do um to make sure
that we're looking at the entire
ecosystem and I hope as we move forward
um that that we'll be committed to doing
just that. But thank you for your work
and look forward to seeing this through.
>> Senator Tillis and then Senator Blunt
Rochester.
>> Very very briefly. I I just wanted to
associate myself with the comments made
by Senator Ggo earlier about the work
that we have to do and with respect to
what Senator Also Brooks just discussed.
We're going to keep the same spirit of
negotiations going that we have uh up to
this point. I want to thank Senator
Lumus because she and her staff who
deserves a long weekend. Um they all do,
but especially Chris. Um they uh thank
them for their hard work. But I also
want to talk to the stakeholders out
here. You know, people know that I'm
we're I'm in disagreement with some of
the banking community, but I've been
with them before. I'm going to be with
them again and I'm willing to listen to
ways that we can make this bill better
as it moves forward. But we we really
must move forward. So to the
stakeholders who are satisfied with the
bill, great. To the ones who want more
work, you have my commitment to continue
to treat you in the same professional
manner that I've requested of my staff
all along the way. And Mr. Chair, thank
you for your patience and uh thank you
for your leadership in getting this mark
done.
Senator Blunt Rochester.
>> Mr. Chairman, uh, and ranking member,
um, and to all of the members of the
committee and to all of our staff who
have spent countless hours, even through
holidays, uh, to work on this. Um, that
is because it is so consequential to our
country and our economy. And because
it's so consequential, it is important
to get it right.
For my state of Delaware, we have more
crypto ATMs per capita than any other
state. We've had the AARP come in. While
they support the provision that was in
it, they haven't put out a statement
that they support the whole bill because
there are still concerns. My community
banks, I am concerned still. um
insider trading was one of the things
that for me people could understand and
in this environment there is a lot of
concern
and so what I hope and while I am again
grateful to the group that has worked
very hard and tirelessly
um after the genius act for me I can't
take a handshake
I want the work to happen in committee
and part a part that was really missing
were hearings.
There were a lot of members of this
committee who said to me, "I don't
understand what this is.
If we don't understand it, how can we
legislate?" And so, um, as we move
forward, I appreciate the the good faith
efforts. Um, and I think we still have
work to do and I look forward to working
with all of my colleagues, but
particularly on behalf of the American
people because this is too big for us to
fail. I yield back.
>> Thank you, Senator Lumis. Comments.
>> I just want to add my thanks, Mr.
chairman to you uh to everyone on our
side of the aisle who's worked so hard
to those of you on the other side that
have worked so hard and to a lot of the
people that have informed the decision
making that's involved in this bill
particularly thanks to the folks from
Treasury and Patrick Wit uh from the
White House. Honestly, they without
their involvement uh I don't think we
could have gotten as much done. um the
the agencies went from offering
technical assistance to really rolling
up their sleeves and helping with this
bill and our staffs, particularly Chris
Land, my staffer. Uh I can't uh say
enough about your dedication to this.
Um, as as I've said to Chris many times,
um, we're the dogs that caught the tire
and it kept spinning and our heads kept
beating against the pavement, but we
can't let go because we caught the tire
and we're not going to let go of the
tire until people on both sides of the
aisle are satisfied that this is a
product we can all be proud of. Thank
you, Mr. Chairman.
>> Absolutely. Let me just uh finally say
this process has been one of the most
informative and challenging processes
I've been through as a United States
senator. I will also say that it has
been one of the most transparent
times and processes I've seen with
members on both sides of the aisle and
and and I'm and industry all in the same
room at the same time for hours upon
hours upon hours.
Any suggestion that somehow this was
done without a process that was
available to all members
undeniably
factually patently false. I will say
that the
members GGO also Brooks
Warner
CCM Katherine as well as Britt Rounds
Lumis Telus and Mareno. The number of
hours that you all spent talking to each
other and uh getting to know each other
better is unbelievable. How GGO and
Mareno continue to talk is a shock to
me. But truly
>> truly all things are possible.
>> Colombians both of us. But thank God for
that part. I also want to uh acknowledge
the fact that uh Senator Ggo uh worked
with Patrick Whit from the White House
tons and tons of hours trying to thread
a needle. And I will say that without
Patrick and the White House engaging
with Democrats, this first step, it's
not even the last step. first step would
not have been accomplished in a
bipartisan fashion without Orion
and Troy Tyler Williams, excuse me,
Tyler, there you are. Looking for you
over there. Uh, working together with
our staff. It would not have been
possible to find ourselves where we are
today. And I want to thank all staff,
but particularly Janie and my staff for
their
profound impact on this process. You all
have worked, I know for sure, thousands
of hours over the last few months just
on this piece of legislation. And at
1:30 last night and at 4:00 a.m. this
morning, uh, I was still getting texts
from you all and responding at 4 in my
heart. Five for real. But literally,
this process has been one that has been,
I think, quite quite educational, and I
hope that we have a successful process
on the floor. But I know one thing for
sure that when you all say you're going
to continue to work on it, you mean it.
And uh Warner, uh once again, thank you
for your dedication through some
challenging times. You kept kept working
and uh may the Lord bless your family
with the challenges. And CCM, I've
gotten to know you a lot better.
Appreciate you. I know we don't always
get to the final point, but we're going
to get there at some point. And thank
you for your hard work and staying
staying the course no matter how you
vote on the floor. Uh with that meeting
a journ
Well I guess that is that
I guess that is that
What do you guys think?
Shout out to Dano Crypto.
Shout out to everyone in the house.
All right,
we are Yeah, I just got stopped out of
that short, guys. Um,
stopped out the short. Been taking money
on the long. I'm up
I guess 11K.
got stopped at that short for 36.
Um, these are the trades I've taken this
week.
So,
yeah, let's see what happens here. If we
don't lose that 786, I'm not shorting it
again.
Um,
82 looks like a nice area. Let's see if
we can come up to 82.
We will have some nice bearish div on
actually we won't really have bearish
div. My goodness.
Yeah, we wouldn't really have bearish
div here.
That's crazy.
Um
yeah, me too. Uh bullish on parade. Way
more bullish than you thought. Yeah, me
too, man. Me too, bro.
All right. Well, we we are pumping.
I have to get real quick. Let me go grab
my headset cuz I lost it.
Right,
we are back in action, baby.
What do you guys think about all that?
Let's see if my my
prediction comes true.
My prediction was,
if you guys remember that, we pump up to
833 and then get a massive dump.
Get some music back on here.
Oh, wait. It's going to be loud, huh?
There we go.
Look at this pump, man.
I I'll be honest, I was not really
expecting this. So, I thought we would
probably reject from around that 786.
Let's see here. Our next level of
resistance is this guy here
and then it is this here
824 and then 833. That's our Fibonacci
golden pocket 618 up there. So, let's
see what we can let's see what the
market's going to give us here. Man, I
added a lot to that short thinking that
thinking that we were going to get uh a
rejection after this thing was over. So,
let's see here.
>> What do you guys think about that whole
thing?
What do you guys think? Let me know in
the chat. Man, I think this might be a
world record live stream for me. Three
and a half hours.
Three and a half hours. That's crazy.
You're flopping and groping. Don't flop
and grope, man.
Don't flop and grope.
Every time frame does look bullish, you
know. I I don't see a lot of reason to.
Yeah, I'm feeling you. Like
USDT dom here. Let's check out.
Yeah. So, we don't have bearish dips,
but we have bearish money flow for
certain on the 1 hour. So if we if we
come up above 825,
we will have bearish one hour divergence
and the 12m minute is potentially
starting to form bearish div. Maybe if
we consolidate here for a little bit,
you know,
very interesting,
man. I was not expecting this. I'll be
honest with you.
Look at this juicy swing trade, man.
This juicy swing trade.
I cannot believe this, man.
I can't believe this. It's so funny.
It's only funny because yesterday, man,
we were long from the low.
We were long from the low yesterday
and now here we are.
Here we are. Big shout. Big shout.
Close this out.
Big shout out to the Casper crew, man.
Big shout out to the Casper crew. This
long trade
given from the bottom yesterday
in the moment
113 p.m. yesterday. This is about 24
hours ago. 24 hours ago,
I told the community I was taking along.
Here we are right now up 13K. That's the
way to go.
That's the way to go.
We gave the short
gave the short in the moment from here
on Sunday, May 10th.
On May 10th, gave the short four days
ago from the top. yesterday. Gave the
long from the bottom. All right. The
Casper crew does not miss, baby.
The Casper crew does not miss.
Now we're at the 200 EMA on the daily.
Interesting. Interesting.
The daily candle. Let's take a look.
Man, you know, I don't want things to be
this bullish. I want my bare market
back. I want my bare market back. Yeah,
that does look nice. All right. So, next
stop on the high time frame for sure is
going to be this
833. And then of course we have our
little our little stops along the way.
We got CDW potential and we might be
able to get scalps from these levels
too.
CDW potential one, CDW potential 2.
The CDW can't be true. The CDW
can't be true.
We're at the 7 786 of the range. I
really
Oh, where' you pulling it from this?
Oh crap. I didn't see that. Yeah,
I guess I had that. No wonder it looks
so different. Yeah. So, if we don't lo
if we hold above the 786, no reason to
short. Honestly, we're above it right
now. We're above it on by bit. So, let's
see.
Daniel Crypto says, "Keep wishing."
Look, if the monthly confirms a green
dot, I'm really going to have to change
my tune here. But
the candle still has no wick on the
bottom. Yeah, look, just cuz the bare
market's over doesn't mean we're not
going to get a double bottom. We're
definitely going to get some kind of a
major retrace.
That's just the way the kookie crumbles.
That's just the way the cookie crumbles,
my friends.
>> Beta male. That's what this beat says.
Did you hear that?
>> You guys don't hear the beat as loud as
I do. It's It's loud in my ears.
Yeah. Green dot on the monthly uh
probably in June at this rate. All
right. If things stay green, the green
dot will print in June. Look,
it will start printing in half a month
most likely. And that historically has
been the bottom.
Oh no,
the 786 rejection,
the CIO safe rejection. Let's go to the
three minute here. We've got a little
bit of bear div on the three.
Yeah, we probably do get a little bit of
a consolidation or or a retracement
around this area, guys. Value area high
plus 786 for sure.
All right, I've taken a little short
here
because we are at 786 value area high
with some low time frame divergence.
And we are uh seeing that rejection.
>> So let's see what happens here.
>> I put a quarter million on
Just put a quarter million dollars on a
short trade. Freshy baby
just open up a $10 billion short from
here. Okay.
All right. Okay. All right. Okay. All
right.
Your shorts from 126K are starting to
shake in their boots, man. My short from
97K is starting to shake in its boots,
man. You know,
it's weird. It's It's crazy. It's
totally crazy,
man. What a cool day. What a cool day.
Honestly, I had no idea this whole
clarity thing was going on. What a cool
day.
>> It's so funny.
I had no idea this clarity thing was
going on.
>> How fast is this treadmill? 3.5
up to four.
Why not?
Oh, that reminds me.
I got to put in my calories cuz while I
was listening to that thing, I just ate
a whole bunch of food.
Hey, let me count up my calories here.
Make sure I keep track of all that
stuff, you know.
All right, here we go.
>> Yeah, let's see what happens. We're at
the 786 value area high of the range.
Uh, now we're coming back down to that
first support resistance flip here.
Let's go to the 12minute.
Man, what a crazy day. What a crazy day.
This is like some old school volatility
here on Bitcoin.
Shout out to Boyan. Shout out to Crypto
Crank.
How much am I eating? 5K.
Um, probably probably I'll end up eating
around 5,000 calories today.
Uh,
good thing I just sold my golden
retriever and put him on a short
position. That's what's up.
>> Like 400 is Max Long. Uh, not Max Longs.
Like 400 is Jesse Gellick. Shout out to
Jesse Gellick in the chat,
boy. Are you in any um
are you in any trades right now, bro?
>> Shout out to Crypto Crank.
He's out.
He's out. Peace out, my bro.
Did I just get from my long Jay? Um, no.
I took a long trade yesterday from here.
And I have realized $11,000 on that
trade. I just opened up a new short
here.
The uh sadly the short trade from
Sunday, I really messed up on this one
to be honest with you because um
I I closed it out for only a $3,600
profit because I added to it twice
during that pump thinking we were going
to dump.
Um, so man, I gave back like 7K on that
thing.
Not quite 7K. I gave back like 6K on
that.
And um,
but whatever. A win's a win. All right.
A win's a win.
Here we go. We're up 20
35 35K.
Uh minus 2500.
35k - 2500. So let's just say we're up
33k. 33. Oh no. Is Jason Casper in the
Illuminati.
$33,000.
Maybe I am. I don't know.
>> I mean, honestly, can you get 100,000
YouTube subs if you're not part of the
group?
>> Do you get a blow fin gold chain like
this if you're not in the Illuminati?
>> I don't know.
I better stop before my Illuminati
handlers
>> say my MK Ultra cold word and I just
stand there with a blank stare in my
face. Next thing you know, I check
myself into a mental hospital and come
out with gold hair,
you know,
as the act passed. I don't know.
Apparently, this wasn't even the actual
act passing, was it? It was just like a
pre hearing. I'll be honest with you. I
don't even know what just happened. I I
don't even really know or care what just
happened. All I know is that I made
$15,000.
That's all I know.
I don't know if it was official or not.
Was
that the real thing, guys, or was that
just a preliminary hearing or something?
What? Someone let me know in the chat.
Your boy Jason Casper is too stupid. I'm
too stupid.
>> It's just a hearing. Yeah, it passed.
Did it pass?
But then someone says it's just a
hearing. I thought it was just a
hearing. Okay, it goes to now. Yeah.
Yeah, it's just a hearing. Now it goes
to Senate to be voted on. All right. Now
it goes to Senate to be voted on.
Exactly. Who cares what happened? We
make money longing and shorting. That's
that's exactly my perspective on all
this stuff. I mean, the Crypto Clarity
Act in general eventually, like people
were saying during this, the goal is to
bring in somehow to bring in CBDC's and
use blockchain to enslave humanity. In
the meantime, we'll long and short so we
can keep uh working the land here
off grid and just kind of lay low. You
know what I'm saying?
>> Am I still preaching Jesus? Of course I
am. Of course I am.
In fact, if you want if you want more of
me preaching Jesus, check out the Billy
Casper Bible Channel on YouTube. The
Billy Casper Bible Channel.
See here. Let's see here.
Go to the Billy Casper Bible Channel.
I have a whole YouTube channel dedicated
to it. the Billy Casper Bible Channel.
All right, we got we got some videos on
here. How many videos do we have? Let's
see. One, two, three, four, five,
six, seven, eight, nine.
>> Nine videos, man. That's pretty crazy.
That's pretty wild.
Let's see if we can't lose 82.3. That's
pretty bullish.
That's pretty bullish.
Is there any CVD div? Let's see. Where's
my target for this short trade? Um,
well, I'd say a nice target to have on
the short trade would be 80,000.
80,000 around there. Uh, but I'm
honestly only risking
600 bucks on this short trade. So, I'm
going to let it get stopped out
because um
again, I'm I'm only long right now. I'm
long. I've got I've got uh $750,000 on
longs right now. So, for me, it's better
not to take profit on the short in case
of massive dump here. We just had a big
news event with a strange slow
unsustainable pump,
you know.
So,
>> do I make any money on my Bible channel?
>> I don't think so.
I I don't think so.
>> Let me see. I don't think so.
No, I don't think so. I don't think it's
monetized.
>> Don't think it's monetized.
Um,
>> yeah. No, I don't think I do.
I don't plan to, to be honest.
Yeah. Would it it would tell me, right?
It would tell me if I made money on it.
>> I have to go to analytics. Let me see. I
don't think I make money on it. But, you
know, I I actually don't know. I don't
know for sure. Let's check it out.
>> Yeah, it's not monetized.
I don't plan to monetize it, but you
know what? I have a meeting with my my
financial spiritual coach, Kenneth
Copelan,
and he's going to he's going to let me
know if I should monetize it or not,
you know.
We're going back to 80K. That's that's
the target here. 80K. I mean, look at
this this news induced pump here that
honestly started out looking really
bearish this morning. We got to fill
this gap right here.
We got to fill the gap.
So, let's see what happens, y'all. It
was so nice and sunny and hot this
morning. Now it's cold and cloudy. I
blame Bill Gates for blocking out the
sun. It's always easier to blame your
problems on someone else than to blame
yourself. You know,
>> I like to blame all my woes on Bill
Gates.
>> Who do you like to blame all your wos
on? Guys,
>> you're going to start a a channel
non-religious?
Well,
if you're starting a YouTube channel, I
hope you plan to monetize it. You know,
a work a worker is do his wages. If
you're taking the time to make a YouTube
channel and you're putting work into it,
you should be paid for it. That's why
we're here on YouTube anyway, right?
I mean, after all, look at this. Raking
in the big bucks here. $839
in the last month. Man, I could retire
from my day job on this. Honestly,
look at this. 400 subscribers. That's
awesome. God bless you guys. Thank you
for subscribing.
167,000 views. That's That is pretty
crazy, actually.
Thank you guys for taking the time to
watch a sweaty guy on the treadmill
outside in his mom's garage.
You blame the Jews for all your wos. A
lot of people seem to do A lot of people
seem to do that.
A lot of people do that.
The only person you can blame is
yourself.
In a lot of ways,
I think people do need to take more
responsibility for their own conditions.
But a lot of things are also out of our
control.
There's a lot of things out of our
control. There's some things that we can
control like using good risk management.
That's definitely within your control.
How many sets per today? Not not very
many. boy in.
>> Let me check here
how many steps I have for the day.
18,000. 18,000.
Yeah, people blame Trump.
Blame Elon Musk.
>> Blame aliens.
I blame my lows on myself because of
stupid mistakes I've made, says Jesse
Gill.
>> Yeah, you should always take
responsibility for your own life.
get money from the Bible channel and
give it away. If I ever do make money
from the Bible channel, I will give it
away.
Honestly,
I've been live for 4 hours. I know. I
think this is a world record, Boyan. I
think this is a world record, man.
>> Yeah. Everyone needs to stop playing the
blame game and focus on what you can
focus on,
you know. Let's check out waterflow,
man. Should I take profit on the short?
Should I close it for 800 bucks?
Let's take a poll.
Should I close the short?
>> Should I close the short while in
profit? Let's see what you guys say.
Door notice says,
"Cool. So, I'll just blame myself.
I'll just blame myself for having to pay
the taxes while billionaires barely pay
taxes or a living wage. So, most people
end up needing public assistance while
still working. All your fault.
No, it's not your fault. Well, in a in a
few ways, we could blame ourselves for
that. I mean, we could blame ourselves.
We the people
could blame ourselves for allowing that
to happen. Obviously, we'd have to blame
ourselves collectively and take
collective blame for allowing that to
happen because in the system that we
have here, we the people did allow that
to happen. All right? Yeah, we were
deceived. A lot of us were deceived. A
lot of us didn't know. A lot of us
weren't paying attention. But
technically, we the people collectively
could have stopped it. All right. Um,
but there were a lot of conspiracies,
literal conspiracies along the way that
made it difficult to stop. That is one
way to look at it. Another way to look
at it is just accept the dang situation
that we're in and, you know, maneuver
your way around the system to make it
work for you, right?
Like there are a lot of things you can
do
>> as an individual
>> to instead of playing the victim card
saying, "Oh, woe is me having to pay all
these taxes and work my job." Quit your
job.
Start a business. Start investing. We
have so many opportunities right now in
this day and age that historically
humanity has not had. I I was talking to
my friend the other day. He's 73 years
old.
He is 73.
>> And you know, I'm only I'm 35, but
really in the grand scheme of things, 73
and 35, they're not much different.
Talking about 40 years, right? 40 years
is nothing. Four decades is nothing.
When he was my age, he didn't have the
internet. It was 1986 when he was my
age, give or take.
He had no internet.
He had to either have a job or a
brickandmortar business
and he didn't have the internet. Right
now we have the internet. We can learn
anything we want. We can learn any skill
we want. We could learn any trade we
want. We can start any business we want
without having to go to school. We could
learn stuff without having to pay money
to go to college. It's all right here in
our dang smartphone in our pocket
on our Obama phone.
It's all right there for free.
Basically,
we have an endless amount of information
at our disposal. We have education that
historically you would need to pay lots
of money, go to the most prestigious
schools in the world to learn. We have
it right here in the palm of our hand.
We have the opportunity to trade Bitcoin
from literally in the middle of the
mountains, in the middle of nowhere,
making money walking on a treadmill. I
mean, we have amazing opportunities
that previous generations have not had.
So, you could look at the situation and
play the victim card, or you could look
at the situation and say, "Man, praise
God, I wasn't 35 in the 80s
where I didn't have these amazing situ
uh these amazing opportunities."
All right, so most people think it's
half 50/50.
A few more people think I should hold it
than close it. the short. Yeah, I don't
think I'm going to close it either.
Might take a a little loss here.
>> Shout out to CBK Wahoo. Got knocked out
of the workforce and is now a trader.
That's what's up.
Warren Buffet learned how to invest
without a seven at seven without a
computer. That is wild actually. Warren
Buffet.
Good old Warren Buffet.
When would I think about closing my
short from 97K? I will never close it.
I'll never close it. I've already made
like 11K on it. I'm getting paid the
funding fee on it. I'll never close it.
35 and 45 are different. That's not what
I mean. 1 Sequoia.
What I mean is in the grand scheme of
things, 40 years is nothing. And a
35-year-old and a 75year-old 100 years
from now will be considered
contemporaries
because four decades is a short period
of time, right? Four decades is a very
short period of time,
right?
Human
life is very short.
What I mean to say by that is if if if I
had been born just 40 years earlier,
which is a very short period of time in
the context of human history, I would
not have had the amazing opportunities
that I have now. Like sometimes I get
nostalgic. I'm like, man, I wish I lived
in the 70s, you know, in the 80s and the
'9s when times were simpler.
And then I think to myself, "No, I
wouldn't. I wouldn't want that. I'd have
to have a job."
You know, I I I'm literally like living
the dream right now. I'm a professional
burnout
professional
professional guy with no job. I get paid
to not have a job. Who Who the heck
wouldn't want that? But it's because of
the time period that I was born in. If I
had been born a decade earlier,
maybe I could have been doing this. Two
decades earlier, probably not. Three
decades earlier, definitely not.
You know, that's all I'm trying to say,
man.
The 80s were fun. They they seem fun.
Like, that's the thing. The 80s seem
fun. Like
hair metal, you know? know, I've always
had a a thing for the for the '8s music
myself.
They seem fun. And also, ignorance is
bliss. And I feel like in the ' 80s,
people were blissfully unaware
of all the hanky panky that was going on
in the world. And they're just having a
good time
hanging out in real life before the
internet, you know, real relationships.
And
but then I say, "Nah, that's dumb.
cuz in 40 years people are going to be
nostalgic about the 2020s be like
remember when we used to just trade
Bitcoin all day and now at that time
probably won't be allowed to trade
Bitcoin or something weird I don't know
crypto is one decade before and you're
here. Yeah, one decade is fine. Like if
you're born in 1980, that's fine. But if
you were born in the 60s, born in the
50s,
it'd be much more difficult. And here's
another thing. If you were born in the
50s,
like my dad was born in the 50s, right?
So
he's also an entrepreneur. My dad, he he
he he got out of the system and started
his own online business when he was in
his,
let's see,
when he was in his 40s.
He was in his 40s. And that didn't
really start to get going until he was
in his 50s. So, he had to wait. He had
to wait more. He had to work for the man
in the 80s and 90s and 2000s
cuz the internet wasn't a thing,
you know.
Cocaine seems fun.
Cocaine does not seem very fun to me.
I'll be honest with you.
Sometimes caffeine isn't even fun for
me. I I can't imagine cocaine being fun.
I've never done cocaine, by the way.
I've never done cocaine,
but I can't imagine it being fun.
Sometimes I drink too much coffee and I
get the jitters and anxiety. I I I can
only imagine
what cocaine would do to me.
I feel like it would be
scary.
Could be wrong. There's only one way to
find out. All right.
There's only one way to find out. I'm
not willing to find out.
Yeah, we're still live. Wan Estrada, are
we still live?
Let's check it.
>> Oh yeah, we're still good.
Did I do at least mushrooms? Yeah. Yeah,
I've done mushrooms. I see I I I was
always scared to do things that like
I was, you know, scared to do things
like heroin and cocaine
and like the drugs that people die from.
You know,
I know a lot of people don't really die
from cocaine overdoses. It's not that
common. It's not like heroin. Most
heroin overdoses is just like put with
some bad stuff, right?
But no, I was never I was never into
that. I was never into that.
I was into Mary Jane, Marijana,
dabbled with some psychedelics. That's
about it.
Chewing cocoa leaves is a local remedy.
I I believe that. I also believe there's
a huge difference between chewing the
leaf and snorting a powder.
I think there's a big difference there.
I even know like for example
IA originally, didn't they just chew the
leaf?
Something like that. And now people are
like smoking DMT.
That's a lot different though. You can't
compare cocaine and IA.
Do mushrooms contain evil spirits?
I don't know if the mushrooms themselves
contain evil spirits, Dave Digital, but
my personal opinion
on psychedelics is that they allow you
to perceive things that are real,
but we're not able to perceive them in
our normal state of consciousness.
So, I think a lot of the
experiences that people have are real.
real spiritual experiences.
I don't think it's just in your brain. I
I refuse to believe that.
Um, now the problem is it's also my
opinion that God doesn't want us to mess
around in the spiritual world like that
because it's dangerous
for right now. In the future, I believe
humanity will once again be able to go
in and out of what we call the spiritual
world.
Um,
but for right now, I think the Lord
doesn't want us to mess with that stuff
cuz it is dangerous. It's dangerous.
You're going to get some kind of
demonic presence or spirit to start to
influence your life, and it's not going
to end well. That's my opinion on these
things.
Why does God allow those things to have
an effect on us if he doesn't want us to
feel the effect?
That's a good question, Dave Digital.
Well, he tells us not to do that stuff.
He doesn't want us to contact the
spiritual world.
Um he doesn't want us to contact the
dead. And the very fact that he
prohibits those things means they're
obviously
things that are number one real and
number two things that can be done.
Um but if you believe in a humanity that
has fallen in the sense that God created
us to have intimacy with him,
God walked with humanity without any
separation
and humanity was obviously able to
perceive things in the spiritual realms
naturally.
But then after humanity falls into sin
and there's a separation between man and
God, those things are obviously still
real.
But in this current state of being
fallen for right now, those things we
shouldn't mess with them.
Cuz
in our current state of being fallen, we
we can't perceive between what's good
and what's bad. And there's a lot of
evil spirits out there that would want
to trick you and hurt you and put you
into spiritual bondage.
>> But I believe that God will restore all
things.
>> And then I believe we'll be able to
perceive
uh the spiritual realms naturally
without having to alter our state of
consciousness.
>> That's just my opinion.
>> Looks like this short might not work
out, guys. I shouldn't have listened to
you. You know, speaking of playing the
blame game, I'm going to blame my loss
on you guys.
Just kidding.
>> Who cares about drugs? I'm trying to get
rich shorting Bitcoin.
Well, me too, but I'm getting wrecked,
so
you know.
I can't believe we've been live for four
hours, guys. This is definitely a a
record. This is a record.
This is a world record. I don't think
anyone's ever in the history of YouTube.
Just kidding.
Yeah, we smoked the Penn's diapers in in
this chat. Honestly,
I walk for 4 hours. How big are my legs?
Huge. I mean, my legs are so big. Anyone
who's seen them knows they're so big.
Anyone who's ever seen my legs, they're
like, "Man, Jason, like those are
massive legs. They look like giant tree
trunks." Especially my calves. My calves
are so big. Honestly, it's crazy. It's
crazy.
Why would I listen to a chat that
screams to short every red candle? I
mean, isn't that way the way you're
supposed to trade? You're supposed to
short every red candle, long every
green.
That's true. Dave Digital's right.
They're at least 100 times the size of a
toothpick. At least. At least.
Yeah, I am bush peeing right now.
What happened to the weather? It got
cloudy, man. Like they they you know,
Bill Gates came out and chemtrailed the
sky for me. I saw Bill Gates in the
airplane up above. I heard him, too.
He's like, "Hey, Jason.
It's me, Bill Gates.
LTA swears Jason is so dumb. I I agree.
I think Jason is also extremely dumb.
Jason is extremely dumb. What's my idea
of a good yearly P&L?
Well,
I guess for me over $500,000 is good for
me.
That's what I did last year.
Let's see if I can do it again this
year. So far, I'm on pretty good track.
So far, I'm on a pretty good track.
Well, we'll see. LA I mean,
let's see. It's It's I We You know what
we need is we need
I mean, last year was a was we had the
bull market. So, we had these intense
runs here. We had these intense runs.
So basically from September 2024 until
October 2025,
>> I did over half a mill trading.
And this is by far the best year of
trading of my life. Now that's for a lot
of reasons. I had a lot more money to
trade with blah blah blah blah blah. But
also, we had these big runs and I was in
big positions and you know, we're
talking 80% moves here. We're talking
big moves. And then in the fall, I mean,
you guys saw me basically from August
until October, I'm trading millions of
dollars in this zone here,
getting a little crazy with it. So,
but now I'm trying to trade big money
again, too. All right.
So,
in the last two months,
I'm up I don't know the exact number. I
don't, but it's definitely close to 150.
says, "Whenever I think of Bill Gates, I
think of this emoji. Is that a pregnant
a pregnant man?" Bill Gates is a
pregnant man.
Did I start with $100,000?
Um, it's hard to say because I I I'll be
honest. I know I always talk about your
trading account, but I don't I don't
necessarily trade with a fixed trading
account.
I don't do that. I used to do that, but
now I don't. Now I just say I'm going to
trade with X amount of money. Maybe it's
half a million.
Maybe it's 250K. Maybe it's 100K.
It depends. It really depends in the
moment.
Oh, I did at least 4 hours and 50
minutes. You have the video in a
playlist. All right. Well, we got to
beat that. All right. We got to beat
that. Let's see if we can't go for
another 40 minutes here. All right.
150k is enough to sustain a living.
Yeah, for sure. For sure. I mean, praise
God. Honestly, praise God for it.
Walking treadmill army unite. Yeah,
there's nothing like walking on the
treadmill, guys. It's fun. It's awesome.
Pocahontas said that Native Americans
used crypto first.
I did hear her say that today.
Billy Bates says, "Mushrooms left you
with a lot of questions you don't need
anymore." That's the thing about
psychedelics,
in my opinion.
You feel like you're learning so much
sometimes during a trip,
but then you don't have any answers. You
don't have any answers. In my worldview,
Jesus is the only answer.
Jesus gives you access to the spiritual
realm.
Jesus can save you from your sin.
Only through Jesus can you ascend
to the state that humanity was created
to exist in.
There's no ascending. There's no inner
divinity for anybody outside of Jesus.
That's just the reality of the
situation.
That's my view.
Obviously, people have different views.
And I ain't got no hate on anyone else's
view.
Even though I think you're wrong, I
still ain't got no hate for you, towards
you. I love you.
Can we hit 60K from this value area
high? Sure, why not? So far, it's not
looking that great, but sure, why not?
Why not? Why not? You know, why not
Dave Digital? to walk on the treadmill
every Monday, Wednesday, Friday morning
live on YouTube because the treadmill is
boring and I got I get to talk to
people.
Looks like my computer's tripping out,
guys.
Looks like my computer's tripping out.
What do I think about the scholar who
says
Jesus was handing out psychedelics
and the Christ is to take drugs through
the eye?
Well, I think that scholar like
doesn't know very much about the context
of
first century second temple Judaism
and the context in which the word Christ
is being used in the
New Testament scriptures because
Christ is a word that has many meanings
in many different
contexts.
But in the context of the Bible, the
word Christ has a very specific
meaning, right? So you could take the
word and
it has a lot of different meanings,
but within the context of the New
Testament scriptures and the context of
Jesus being the Christ, there's a very
specific
context for that and has nothing to do
with psychedelic drugs. That's what I
think about that.
Yeah, the PC is tripping. I think it
overheated. It's too hot outside. So, we
had to relocate into the into the
basement gym here.
Should we enter right now? That's up to
you. I mean, it's a low probability
short trade.
It's a low probability short trade. I'd
say it's a low probability long trade.
If someone put a gun to my head and said
long or short,
that's a tough one.
I'd say the short right now has a better
risk-to-reward ratio for sure.
He has some ancient Greek studying.
Yeah, that's the thing. So, you could
study ancient Greek. So, here's the
thing. ancient Greek, you might have a
lot of different applications for the
word Christ, but the New Testament, the
Bible,
although it is written in coin a Greek,
it's it's it's written by first century
Jews who have a Old Testament worldview.
So, you cannot take the New Testament
out of its first century Jewish context.
You can't take the New Testament out of
its Old Testament context.
Otherwise, it makes literally no sense.
It would make no sense at all if you
just read the New Testament only without
understanding
the Old Testament scriptures.
It would it
so
if you're just going to say, "Let's take
a look at all the different ways that
ancient Greeks used the word Christ,"
I'm sure there's many different
applications for it.
But really when the New Testament uses
the word Christ,
it's using it
to mean the m the Messiah, Messiah, the
Messiah. And the Messiah had very
specific criteria
and to who and what the Messiah would be
according to the Old Testament
scripture. So you have to interpret the
New Testament scriptures in light of the
worldview that the authors of the New
Testament scripture are held to.
What are my thoughts on that? The
four-year cycle is dead. Well, I think
we're going to kind of see so far. So
far, I think I think you could make a
case that the four-year cycle is both
dead and alive at the same time. The
reason I say that is because the time
frames have not been any different. For
example, like here we are. Let's go to
let's go to the all-time index. Let's go
to the monthly chart here. Let's clear
off everything. The
the the the bare market pullback in 2024
happened right on schedule. All right.
Happened right here at the golden pocket
618. Now, typically we would get a 50%
pullback from there. However, this time
we only got a
23% pullback. The bottom of the bare
market happened right on time.
All right. Then we had our having in
April 2024. Okay. April 2024. The top
happened right on schedule. 500 days
after the having, what do you know?
Boom. Here we are at the exact top. 540
days after the having. Right on
schedule. So the four-year cycle is on
schedule.
But the pullbacks have not been as
intense. All right. So, when we would
have had a 50% pullback, we had a 20%
pullback. And now, where we would expect
a 70% pullback. If this is the low
around here, maybe we only get about a
50% pullback.
So, as far as the time frame goes, the
4-year cycle is right on schedule. As
far as the pullbacks go, so far they
have not been the same. They have been
less.
So, it seems like the cycle is still
there, just there's not as much
volatility involved with the 4-year
cycle. That's kind of where I'm leaning
right now. I don't think we're going to
head into a super cycle. The reason I
say that is because we had the top
exactly where expected on the time frame
500 days after the having and we expect
the bottom to be in between June and
November, right? So June and November
that is here
and I do think we're going to come back
down for some kind of a double bottom
but June and November that is literally
next month guys. So between June and
November is here right? So if we bottom
out within the next few months if we
bottom out literally within the next two
weeks the four-year cycle is still right
on schedule. It's just the pullbacks are
not what they have been in the past.
Right? So
like where was the having? The having
was June 2020, right? Then we pull this
thing from there to the high 518 days,
right? And then we bottom out between
June and November, which is right here.
That was pretty much the bottom. So,
yeah, the four-year cycle is right on
schedule. It's just are we going to see
as much volatility now that Bitcoin has
a higher market cap?
Well, so far the answer is no. Right. So
far the answer is no.
But I don't know for sure, you know.
I don't know for sure.
Big shout out to Dennis Marv who says,
"I smocked
I smocked MJ at the end. I was doing it
for the realizations that striked me.
Then I started praying and received them
this way. So I stopped smocking. I don't
know if you're if you're if that's a
joke or serious, but anyway, thank you
so much for the super chat. I thought
you were about to tell me something
about I smocked a marijuana
and I almost died or something like
that.
Um,
Christian nationalism is the biggest
threat to the US. It is a very scary
thing to see the uh
the mixing of American patriotism and
and uh Christianity. It is a scary thing
to see,
especially with all this war stuff
that's been going on, honestly.
Um but yeah,
um shout out to Xbar Guy62.
I agree. Focus on the Lord. Focus on the
Lord. That should be our only focus. I
mean, if you're if you're a Christian,
then your only focus should be on
seeking Jesus, seeking God,
and nothing else. Everything else is
trying to pull you away from that.
Everything else is a distraction,
right?
But people try and mix a little bit of
Jesus into politics, a little bit of
Jesus into this, a little bit of Jesus
into that. Yeah, that's not good. That's
not good.
Can we check order flow? Yeah, let's
check order flow.
Would I say um that this is a swing
trade? This short could be a swing
trade. Like it could be. I don't know
though. I don't know. I don't know. I'd
say the better Yeah, we'll check order
flow. But first, let me just say I think
that the better swing trade as far as a
short goes would be let us get a little
bit more bearish divergence here. We
will have no bearish divergence on our 1
hour until we reclaim this high right
here. And even more so until we reclaim
82.5. Then we'll have some serious
bearish divergence.
Let's check out order flow.
This is orderflow aggregated CVD and
open interest. In general, we've
actually seen quite a bit of longs
opening here. In general, increase of oi
and mostly longs opening here. A fair
number of shorts as well, but in
general, this is actually
if we're looking at aggregated across
all perpetuals, there's a fair amount of
buying here. This is actually a this is
not the this is not necessarily just a
short squeeze on buy bit it was a short
squeeze like this net shorts is here
only on buy bit I'm pretty sure
>> yeah I think this is only on by bit and
so on by bit it was a short squeeze but
across all the exchanges it seems like
it's it's a healthy move you know
>> Dennis Marv okay so that was a serious
comment
Well, God bless you, bro. Thank you so
much, Dennis Mar, for your super chat. I
appreciate you, man.
Billy Bat says, "The first time I
smacked a dad, I almost logged out
permanently." Oh, man. Yeah, I've had
some I've had some crazy experiences
myself with the old THC myself.
As an ex stoner, I've had some scary
experiences and some awesome ones.
But I don't touch the stuff.
>> I do not touch the stuff nowadays.
Shout out to Christopher
Mun 1378 says, "Did you ever
see the news about the billionaire
founder of a cosmetics company that
donated all his money to charity and
became a priest and is now happier never
seeking God?" No, I haven't. But that's
a beautiful story.
What's my profit- taking strategy?
My profit taking strategy is I like to
take profit one when I'm booking more
money than I risked in general. And then
I like to hedge myself and I like to
book little gains along the way. Like
a good example of that is today.
If you saw my trading today,
you know,
>> for the past two days, well, that's kind
of hard to say because I've been in and
out of trades, but in general, today I
had a short trade that was open.
I could have closed it for a $15,000
profit. I could have earlier today, but
I didn't. Instead, I ended up only
closing it for a $3,600 profit. Right?
So, you might say, "Jason, that's kind
of dumb."
But the thing is, I don't consider it
dumb
because
across these two trades, the short and
the long that I took between since
Sunday, I start, let's say I started
with $0 profits.
Now, I'm guaranteed at least $1300.
Uh, I'm sorry, $13,000.
So, I left a lot of money on the table.
I could have closed the short trade for
15,000 and I could have closed this long
trade for $14,000 and I could have made,
you know, that's $29,000.
I could have, but I didn't. Instead, I'm
making 13,000. That's a big difference,
honestly. So, the reason why I do that
is because
part of it is psychological for me. I'm
hedging myself and I'm not trying to
make as much money as possible. I'm just
trying to steadily and consistently grow
my trading account over time. And one of
those trades is going to be in a big a
big winner. And so I'm trusting the
process and I'm trusting the small win,
small loss, small win, small loss. And
then one of these days I'm going to have
a $20,000 win. I'm going to have a
$60,000 win. I'm going to have a
$100,000 win.
Why don't I engage in the lettuce? Um,
well, first of all, God God saved me
from being addicted to the lettuce. I
was I was addicted to the lettuce. And I
know people say it's not addictive, but
I was absolutely 100% addicted to the
lettuce.
couldn't go a day
without wake and bake and just smoking
all day. And
um it was really difficult. I tried to
quit number of times I couldn't do it.
And then the Lord supernaturally took
that away from me. Um and then as time
went on,
I uh
I continued to dabble in it like from
time to time. Even though I was no
longer addicted to it, I would still
dabble in it from time to time if I was
with a friend or if I was with somebody
or even sometimes I would just say, you
know what, I feel like smoking. Um,
but then I realized that
actually it happened during a time of
prayer and fasting when I was seeking
God and he brought to my attention that
he took this thing away from me and here
I am still messing with it and that I I
need to fully repent of this, right? Cuz
for me in my life, it it was a sinful
thing.
I'm not saying it's sinful for
everybody, but for me it was. and the
Lord supernaturally took it away from
me. And here I am still dabbling with
it. And so I I officially repented from
it and I renounced it
um from my life. And when I did that, it
was like a giant weight was lifted off
of me. Um I actually began praying in an
unknown language at that time
for hours after I repented and renounced
the lettuce. And so from that point
onward, I've said to myself,
I'm never going to do it again because
the Lord doesn't have that for me. Maybe
he has it for you. I don't know. You're
not me and I'm not you. And I honestly
can't I can't look at the lettuce and
say, objectively speaking, this thing is
wrong. Right? Just like I can't look at
alcohol and say objectively speaking,
it's wrong to drink alcohol.
But I know for me it's wrong to do the
lettuce. Just like for some people it
might be wrong to drink alcohol, but I
think those things depend on your your
walk, your individual walk and past
experiences and all that kind of stuff.
And also, what is the Lord telling you
about it? Cuz if he's telling you not to
do it and you're doing it anyway, that's
not a good thing.
Doge pump.
We got a Doge pump.
Well, it looks like we're getting a
Bitcoin pump, too. Man, I should have
closed the short. I can't believe I
listened to you guys taking this short
trade,
you know.
See how long we been streaming for?
We're almost beating my personal record.
We're about to hit a PR on the stream,
baby. About to hit a PR on the stream.
Shout out to Distance Music. God bless
you, Distance Music. We still got 800
viewers. This is the longest stream with
the most viewers I think I've ever had.
All right. Leo Flow said, "Close it."
Yeah. 440. 440.
Why does God put these things here if he
doesn't want us to do them?
one sequoia. Well,
and I'm not saying that God doesn't want
everyone to do it. I mean, for example,
with the marijuana thing, like like I
said, I I can't I can't read the
scripture and come away from it thinking
smoking marijuana is objectively wrong.
I I I just it's not you're not going to
you would never read the scripture with
an unbiased mind and walk away thinking
that smoking marijuana is objectively
wrong. You never would. But I know for
me it is wrong. like God told me Jason
you're not going to do that right so
that's different um but I was talking to
Dave Digital about this a little bit
earlier in the stream1 sequoia that I
believe that humanity is much more
complex
than what we can perceive right now cuz
I believe originally
when humanity was created we had we had
full access into all the different dimen
dimensions or whatever you want to say
into the spiritual world into the astral
plane whatever you want to say humanity
origin ally had access to that freely. I
mean we could walk with God. God walked
with humanity. His presence was actively
walking around
with humanity according to the Bible in
Genesis chapter 2 and 3.
Um so you can't be walking around with
God unless you have access to those
other dimensions. But when sin entered
into humanity, there was a separation
between God and man. And so I think and
I I don't know this for sure, but my
opinion on this is that for our own
safety, God said, "Don't go into that
other realm in your fallen state because
it's because it's going to be dangerous
for you."
But the story of scripture is a story of
redemption and a story of restoration.
And God is going to restore humanity
back. And he is currently in the process
right now of restoring humanity back to
the original state that humanity was
created to live in which was no
separation between God and man with full
access to that realm.
And so until all things are fully
restored, I believe temporarily those
things are off limits for our own safety
because there's a spiritual world out
there. There's a lot of malevolent
spirits that would lead you astray and
look to hurt you,
>> look to deceive you.
And so for right now, God says if you
want to access that realm, you do it
through me, right? You do it through
Jesus.
That's why I believe those things are
still here on the earth for right now.
Um,
Bonk died.
Look, that's just my opinion on things,
guys. Please bear in mind.
Yeah. So Joe smoked DMT and there are
entities all over there. Exactly. There
are entities all over there.
Entities all over there.
And scripture says even the devil
masquerades as an angel of light.
So if someone comes to you
as an angel of light,
be careful. Be careful.
Is Avac dead? I don't know.
probably on Tilt says, "DMT is what made
me believe in a higher power and find
Jesus." Praise God then, man. You know,
praise God.
I I actually I know I know a few people
that have had that happen to them as
well with various psychedelic
experiences.
Um,
but yeah, in general, I don't I don't
think it's a good practice. That's just
my opinion.
I think it's dangerous to be messing
with that stuff. I think it opens you up
to influences that you do not want in
your life. You do not want them in your
life.
Is DMT natural? As far as I know, DMT is
simply just comes from the iawaska plant
if I'm not mistaken. And they like
it's just like a more pure form, right,
that you smoke if I'm not mistaken.
Victor says, "I come I come." Victor
says, "Jason Gasper comes as an angel of
light. Should you be concerned?" Yes,
man. Especially when there's a guy on
the internet walking on the treadmill in
a weighted vest. You definitely want to
be concerned. All right.
Yeah, your brain makes DMT for sure,
says one sequoia.
Yeah. And and your brain not only makes
DMT, but it it's uh
>> your brain is made to
>> uh I don't know if the word is absorb
DMT, but react to DMT.
I say Jesus is the only begotten son of
God.
I mean,
I believe Jesus is monogous,
the unique, the one and only. It depends
on how you want to translate monogan in
the Greek. Monogan whios,
the unique son, the one and only son,
the only begotten son.
Depends how you want to translate. But I
believe Jesus is
what the scripture says he is.
Man, this is interesting. This this
slow, painful pump. This slow, painful
pump. It's slow and it's painful.
We were trying to short it. We were up.
We were up at like 1,200 bucks. We
should have just taken it. You know, we
got a bear div on the one minute. Maybe
that's going to take us down.
Am I getting dizzy walking in circles?
I'm not. But are you getting dizzy
watching me walk around in circles
inside the basement gym?
What a cool basement gym. Now, now what
a cool basement gym this is, guys. Is
this not the coolest basement gym you've
ever seen in your life?
Coolest basement gym I've ever seen in
my life, guys.
You know,
I love this basement gym. This is my
happy place down here in the basement
gym.
You know,
do some pull-ups. I don't really feel
like doing pull-ups right now to be
honest with you.
But
>> maybe someday we'll do a trade a trading
and training stream. But probably not
cuz I I hate to talk when I'm working
out. Like I hate to talk. There's
nothing worse than talking and working
out. It's why me and my wife don't work
out together. She loves to talk.
I love my wife but she wants to talk in
the gym. She'll be like on the
elliptical trying to talk to me.
I'm trying to I'm trying to like get
psyched up for my next set of squats.
She's trying to talk,
>> you know. Doesn't work out.
1 Sequoia is a militant agnostic and I
have the utmost respect for1 Sequoia's
militant agnosticism because honestly I
personally do feel that
it's one of it's it it is the most
intellectually honest position one can
hold
saying
I just can't know for certain that's
that's an intellectually honest Do
I would be a militant agnostic myself if
I wasn't a Christian?
A basement looks like a nice grow room.
Ironically, 001 Sequoia, this used to be
a grow room, not for marijuana, but for
all my seedlings. this area right here
where I have this Squat Max MD belt
squat machine all the way up to this
Hammer Strength glute thrust machine was
all grow lights and pots and table setup
to grow seedlings because back when I
first started homesteading, I thought
that I needed to start my plants early
so that I'd have a better harvest. And
eventually I realized that was a whole
bunch of wasted work and time. instead
of starting them in March and babying
them inside and then transplanting them
and like half them die of transplant
shock anyway and the ones that survive
aren't even the hardiest plants, you
might as well just wait until June,
direct sew everything into the dirt and
the strong ones come up and the weak
ones don't. And if the weak ones don't
come up, you plant another seed two
weeks later and it's way less work and
way less time and the crops are way
hardier.
But yeah.
Oh, you didn't specify weed. Okay. Yeah.
Okay. Well, it's funny cuz I had all the
grow lights down here and people would
be like, "What are you doing with those
grow lights?" Like, "What are you
growing down here?" I'm like, "Hey, you
know, herbs. Growing herbs down here,
you know, oregano. I'm growing oregano."
They'd be like, "Oh, oregano." Oh, yeah.
Good old oregano.
Barlo says, "Without God in my heart, I
wouldn't be who I am." That's the same
with me, bro. Like, that's the same with
me,
100%.
All
right, guys. I think we beat our record.
The herbs are meant to heal the nations,
says Marcus B.
Where do you get that from?
I have a feeling that you are misquing a
scripture from Revelation.
21 or 22.
Too deep says, "I thought my avocado
tree died after a freeze a few months
ago, but I just saw it's growing back.
Makes you happy." Oh man, that's
awesome.
Nothing worse than a dead tree from a
freeze.
Have I looked into hydro gardens?
hydroponics or are you talking about the
kind of setups where the fish
live inside the fish tank and the fish
poop and the poop fertilizes the plants
and it's like this whole like ecosystem
cuz I have looked into that and I' I
actually know a family that does that
full-time and it's really cool. Um, but
for me, you know, I feel like that's I
feel like that's the order flow of
gardening. And just going and digging a
hole in the dirt is the good old market
cipher B of gardening. You know, I'm
just a simple man. I'm just a simple
man,
you know?
I'm just a simple man.
So, that hydroponic stuff is is too
complicated for me. I I did start with
some hydroponics
um
for a little bit in 2020 2021, but I
quickly realized it's just not for me.
It's not for me. It sounds cool in
theory, but it's a lot of work if you
don't know how to do it right. It's so
much easier just to do what God created,
which is put a seed in the dirt and and
then do nothing.
I wonder what's going to come of this
short here. You know, looks like we're
going to pump. Actually, let's take a
look at market cipher B.
Let's take a look at MCB.
Yeah, it looks like we have another pump
in us, guys. Looks like we are going to
take the highs at at 82136 here.
I don't think this is the high here.
Even the six-minute money flow is really
making it seem like we got one more
high, but let's see. There's It's not
over until the fat lady sings, guys.
It's not over until the fat lady sings.
Yeah, HFG for sure. Soil is better than
than hydroponic. It's easier. I mean,
it's easier. Like, let's be honest,
hydroponic is not
It takes a lot of intervention to make
that happen. I'm sure I I I know the
people who do it, they say it's way
easier than in the dirt and it's cleaner
and all, and I believe them that, but
I've tried it and I
when I I tr I dipped I dabbled in it. I
dabbled in it. And then I had these
little kits that I got on the internet
of like hydroponic grow stations. But
then as I look down the road of like
actually doing it as my main thing, I'm
like, "This is crazy. I have 6 acres of
dirt in the backyard. Let me just use
that."
Looks like an Adam and Eve pattern.
1 Sequo says, "Easier to do hydro." I I
believe it, man. I mean, the people who
do it, they say it's way easier, but
like I said, for me, I
dabbled. I projected into the future the
equipment I'd need, the space that I'd
need, the setup I'd need, and I said,
"It's not for me."
Yeah. Yeah. A 5 hour stream. Look, uh,
Bisha for Life.
Let's see here.
Yeah, Blofin. They saw it. They gave me
a heart of your user ID. All right. So,
we're going to get you out get out your
stuff.
Hype is on fire. Can we have a look at
hype? Yeah, we could have a look at
hype.
Wow.
I mean, this looks pretty pretty
bullish. I'm not going to lie. We We
took the low. We have an extremely
bullish divergence on the one on the one
day.
We had a bear div. It looks like the
bear disc playing out here. Looks like
this purple money flow on the daily is
money flow support. It looks really
nice. Insane bullish engulfing candle.
I'd say, you know, high probability now
that we take out the highs here at
45.81. And if we take out those highs
um
then um obviously we would look for a
continuation
maybe towards an all-time high here.
>> So we're coming up toward we're we're
this is the log scale 618. We're kind of
consolidating here. Makes sense. Um,
we're unable to change market structure
bearishly after our first tap of the
618.
It looks like we're 4862 is the next
target. And the thing is, I mean, it
would be really easy to take out $50
because we have these highs here.
It does look pretty bullish to me on the
daily. Let's check out the weekly.
The daily looks extremely bullish. We
haven't even confirmed the bullish
divergence yet, obviously, cuz it's one
candle. Um, uh-oh.
Looks like the computer's about to die,
folks.
Folks. All right, folks. We got to get
to the charger. We've got to get to the
charger.
But last time we were out here, my
computer overheated. We started to
glitch out.
Yeah, it looks like Bitcoin is going to
make another high though. Oh my
goodness, we're dumping. Oh my goodness.
Should I close the short? What do you
guys say? We We already took a poll if I
should close the short.
I think Bitcoin is going to make another
high here. We're just We're just
consolidating because of the 786. We
can't we can't even come down below this
previous low 81289.
It would be funny if the next 4hour
candle was a straight dumb down. That
would be funny and it would be so propo
considering the buy the rumor sell the
news nonsense.
All right guys, we just hit five hours.
That's amazing. 5 hour live stream.
Down.
Down down down down down down.
It's the first red vector all day.
Interesting.
Yeah, we hit a new record.
How many miles? I don't know. I don't
know. The treadmill goes on and off.
I've been on and off the treadmill. I
have no idea.
Um,
all right.
All right. God bless you guys. I'm going
to head out. All right. Cuz I've been on
for 5 hours and
I got I got to do some stuff, I guess.
So, God bless you all in Jesus name.
Hope everyone has a great weekend and
I'll see you guys later. Peace.